 Home 2014 Conference Info Conference Schedule Conference Registration Hotel Registration Presenters Presentation Topics Membership Past Conferences Conference Schedules Presenter Bios Presentation Abstracts Photo Galleries For Vendors Vendor Information Vendor Registration Contact Us Conference News Conference Schedule Updated! New Presenters and Topics! Signature Event for 2014 - For the First 80 Registrants - An Evening in Olde Newport! National HPCC Conference Conference Schedule Information and Registration Hotel Reservations Vendor Information A Look at Last Year Media Sponsors - 2014 Welcome to the Online Home of the National High Performance Computer and Communications Council   r 28th Annual HPCC Conference Supercomputing: What Does the Future Hold?  25-27 March 2014 Hyatt Regency Hotel and Conference Center Goat Island, Newport, RI g Special Event for First 80 Registrants! This year, were privileged to hold our signature event ~ An Evening in Olde Newport ~ at one of Newports most interesting summer cottages, Marble House. A National Historic Landmark, it was built between 1888 and 1892 as a summer house for Mr. and Mrs. William K. Vanderbilt. But Marble House was much more; it was a social and architectural landmark that set the pace for Newports subsequent transformation from a quiet summer colony of wooden houses to the legendary resort of opulent stone palaces. Were excited to share an evening of living history as we journey back into the heyday of Newport society. Due to the limited seating area in the Marble House ballroom, this unique opportunity is offered to our first eighty conference registrants. Confirmations will be included with your registration receipt. For more information regarding Marble House, click here . Sponsors - 2014 Exhibitors - 2014 Site Links Log in Copyright HPCC-USA Piggie Bank theme designed by Lorelei Web Design powered by Wordpress Site last updated February 24, 2014 - This page last updated February 21, 2014 
 Home About HiPC Steering Committee Sponsors Archives Welcome to the IEEE International Conference on High Performance Computing December 17 - December 20 , 2014Goa New computing trends are rising to the occasion! Get your view at High Performance Computing 2014, Goa. The 21st annual IEEE International Conference on High Performance Computing (HiPC 2014) will be held at the Hotel Cidade De Goa in Goa, India, during December 17-December 20, 2014. It will serve as a forum for researchers from around the world to present their current research efforts and findings, and will act as a venue for stimulating discussions and highlighting high performance computing (HPC) related activities in Asia. The conference has a history of attracting participation from reputed researchers from all over the world. Conference Venue and Dates HiPC 2014 will be held in Goa, India from December 17 - December 20, 2014 at Hotel Cidade De Goa Upcoming Important Dates March 1, 2014 - Workshop Proposals Due April 2, 2014 - Conference Paper Submission Begins May 16, 2014 - Conference Paper Submissions Due July 31, 2014 - Notification of Acceptance/Rejection August 18, 2014 - Camera-Ready Paper Submission September 16, 2014 - Student Symposium Submissions Due September 30, 2014 - Author Registration Deadline October 21, 2014 - Student Symposium Accept/Reject Decisions November 14, 2014 - Early Registration Deadline December 17 - December 20, 2014 - HiPC Conference in Goa, India Recent Conferences read more Recent Updates Proposals for HiPC 2014 Workshops Due March 1, 2014 HiPC 2014 Call for Papers now available Home Event Schedule Important Dates Technical Program Call for Papers Workshops Keynotes Student Research Symposium Author Speaker Resources Industry Sponsors of HiPC 2014 Becoming a Sponsor Exhibitor Information Industry, Research User Symposium Birds of a Feather Registration General Information India-based Researchers Students Complimentary Sponsor Registration Travel Lodging Travel Local Information Hotel Accomodations Student Travel Support Organization Program Committee Organizing Committee Home About HiPC Steering Committee Sponsors Archives Contact Us Webmaster HiPC 2013 Copyright â 2013. All rights reserved. 

 IPDPS 2014 Details Home Advance Program Workshops PhD Forum Commercial Participation Author Resources Student Travel Hotel-Accommodations Organization Program Committee Call for Papers (CLOSED) General IPDPS Info About IPDPS Conference Archive Babbage Award Proceedings Library Steering Committee Contact IPDPS Sponsors Technical Committee on IN COOPERATION WITH IEEE Computer Society Technical Committee IEEE Computer Society Technical Committee IPDPS 2013 Report May 20-24, 2013 REPORT ON IPDPS 2013 IPDPS 2014 ALERTS Advance Program posted See Final Paper (camera ready) Preparation and Submission Instructions for authors of regular conference papers due February 7th Student Travel page posted Hotel Reservation Page Posted IPDPS Open for Registration See Call for Commercial Participation IPDPS 2014 Important Dates 7 February 2014 15 February 2014 7 March 2014 14 March 2014 25 March 2014 25 March 2014 22 April 2014 IPDPS 2014 VENUE & PROGRAM INFORMATION The 28th IEEE-IPDPS will be held 19-23 May in Phoenix at the Arizona Grand Resort, an all-suites family-friendly resort and meeting place. Phoenix has an international airport and is the hub for several US airlines. It is only a six hour drive from Los Angeles and Las Vegas and the starting point for one day tours of the Grand Canyon as well as other historic communities in the area. For those who come early or stay late, there are boundless Southwest tourist attractions and activities. For shorter trip times, AGR has a water-world, golf course, and hiking and riding trails on the premises and an indoor athletic club and spa for fitness training. Search IPDPS 2014 REGISTRATION Registration Details Follow IPDPS Tweets by @IPDPS Tweets by @IPDPS Copyright IPDPS. All rights reserved. 
 VECPAR 2012 10 th International Meeting High Performance Computing for Computational Science Past Conferences VECPAR 2010 9 th International Meeting High Performance Computing for Computational Science VECPAR 2008 8 th International Meeting High Performance Computing for Computational Science VECPAR 2006 7 th International Meeting High Performance Computing for Computational Science VECPAR 2004 6 th International Meeting High Performance Computing for Computational Science VECPAR 2002 5 th International Meeting High Performance Computing for Computational Science VECPAR 2000 4 th International Meeting Vector and Parallel Processing VECPAR'98 3 rd International Meeting Vector and Parallel Processing VECPAR'96 2 nd International Meeting Vector and Parallel Processing - Systems and Applications VECPAR'93 1 st International Meeting Vector and Parallel Processing - Computing Systems in Engineering VECPAR is a series of conferences held since 1993, initially organised by the Faculty of Engineering of the Porto University (FEUP) 
 www.euro-par.org Mission Format Organization Call for bids History Publication Venue Latest News 10/24/2013 - 10:43 Euro-Par 2012 best papers issue available View the Euro-Par 2012 best papers issue . 02/18/2013 - 11:35 Euro-Par 2012 workshop proceedings available Look for LNCS 7640 . 02/15/2013 - 15:30 Euro-Par 2011 best papers issue available View the Euro-Par 2011 best papers issue . The journal CCPE now also offers a virtual collection of recent Euro-Par best papers issues (from 2007 on). 04/18/2012 - 22:00 Euro-Par - ARCoSS From now on the Euro-Par proceedings will appear in the special subline Advanced Research in Computing and Software Science (ARCoSS) of the Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS). The Mission Statement Euro-Par is an annual series of international conferences dedicated to the promotion and advancement of all aspects of parallel and distributed computing. Euro-Par covers a wide spectrum of topics from algorithms and theory to software technology and hardware-related issues, with application areas ranging from scientific to mobile and cloud computing. Euro-Par provides a forum for the introduction, presentation and discussion of the latest scientific and technical advances, extending the frontier of both the state of the art and the state of the practice. The main audience of Euro-Par are the researchers in academic institutions, government laboratories and industrial organisations. Euro-Par's objective is to be the primary choice of such professionals for the presentation of new results in their specific areas. As a wide-spectrum conference, Euro-Par fosters the synergy of different topics in parallel and distributed computing. Of special interest are applications which demonstrate the effectiveness of the main Euro-Par topics. In addition, Euro-Par conferences provide a platform for a number of accompanying, technical workshops. Thus, smaller and emerging communities can meet and develop more focussed topics or as yet less established topics. The unique organizational structure of a Euro-Par conference, which puts the hosting team in charge of both the scientific programme and the local organization, makes it a particularly lively and stimulating experience. The next Euro-Par conference will be Euro-Par 2014 in Porto, Portugal. (C)opyright by University of Passau 
 Please, click here 
 About SC Our Sponsors Conference History Steering Committee Conference Mail List Volunteer This year's conference: SC14 November 16-21, 2014 New Orleans, LA Exhibit dates are Monday-Thursday. The International Conference for High Performance Computing, Networking, Storage, and Analysis The SC Conference series is sponsored by ACM SIGARCH , ACM SIGHPC , and IEEE Computer Society . 
 
 Sponsors: News Call Topics Speakers Program Tutorials Workshops Committee Submission Dates Location Fee Registration Your account Accommodation Gallery PPAM 1999 PPAM 2001 PPAM 2003 PPAM 2005 PPAM 2007 PPAM 2009 PPAM 2011 PPAM 2015 Proceedings of PPAM 2013 will be released as LNCS 8384 and LNCS 8385 Main Track Minisymposium on GPU Computing Special Session on Multicore Systems Workshop on Numerical Algorithms on Hybrid Architectures Workshop on Models, Algorithms, and Methodologies for Hierarchical Parallelism in New HPC Systems Workshop on Power and Energy Aspects of Computation Workshop on Scheduling for Parallel Computing (SPC 2013) The 5th Workshop on Language-Based Parallel Programming Models (WLPP 2013) The 4th Workshop on Performance Evaluation of Parallel Applications on Large-Scale Systems Workshop on Parallel Computational Biology (PBC 2013) Minisymposium on Applications of Parallel Computation in Industry and Engineering Minisymposium on HPC Applications in Physical Sciences Minisymposium on Applied High Performance Numerical Algorithms in PDEs Minisymposium on High Performance Computing Interval Methods Workshop on Complex Collective Systems Author's Instructions for Accepted Contributions!! Author's Instructions for Accepted Contributions Presentations and tutorials are available GPU Computing and History of Central Result of Linear Algebra Invitation to a concert of classical music PPAM 2013 in Conference4me http://conference4me.psnc.pl Book of abstracts Book of abstracts Instructions for Speakers and Session Chairs Instructions for Speakers and Session Chairs Preliminary program program The registration is open! DEADLINE EXTENDED DEADLINE EXTENDED - May 6, 2013!!! Call for papers PPAM 2013 10th INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON PARALLEL PROCESSING AND APPLIED MATHEMATICS http://ppam.pl under the patronage of the Committee of Informatics of the Polish Academy of Sciences in-cooperation with Polish-Japanese Institute of Information Technology read more ... Designed by Marcin WoĹşniak Piotr DzierĹźak 
 5 th home organization call for papers submission registration venue program sponsorship welcome Fifth 25th IEEE International Parallel Distributed Processing Symposium Keynote speakers Prof. Henri Casanova Prof. Miron Livny Distinguished speakers Dr. David Anderson Dr. Peter Kacsuk Prof. Carlos Varela . Job annoucement: PCGrid 2007 PCGrid 2009 PCGrid 2010 
 Theory and Applications FMPPTA'99 : In conjunction with April 12 - April 16, 1999 Sponsored by In cooperation with: ACM SIGARCH, and Topics Call For Papers (deadline is over) Programme Program Committee Contacts Publications Submissions Dominique.Mery@loria.fr 
 The Premier Conference 8.30-18.00 hours Registration starts at 8.00 on April 12, 1999 Important Dates 
 PPOPP 99 ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel Programming Conference Program is now available! The ACM SIGPLAN 1999 Symposium on Principles and Practice of Parallel Programming will be held in Atlanta, Georgia, May 4--6, 1999 as part of the Federated Computing Research Conference (FCRC'99) . The goal of the PPoPP Symposia is to provide a forum for papers on the principles and foundations of parallel programming, tools and techniques for parallel programming, and experiences in using parallel programming to solve applications problems. You might also be interesting in attending the SIGPLAN Conference on Programming Language Design and Implementation (PLDI) call for papers for detailed information on subjects of interest and on submission procedure, including electronic submission. Hotel availability for FCRC is expected to be tight so REGISTER EARLY! Registration information should be available online through the ACM FCRC site . This page will be updated as more information becomes available. General Chair: Marc Snir Program Chair: Andrew A. Chien Suggestions for the forthcoming PPOPP conference are welcome. Please contact Marc Snir or Andrew Chien . PPoPP PC at Work last updated by Andrew Chien December 8, 1998 
 Next: Scope in conjunction with San Juan, Puerto Rico April 16, 1999 Scope Topics of Interest Program Committee Papers Submission and Review Process Calendar Workshop Program Previous edition PC-NOW'98 Following edition PC-NOW 2000 
 International Conference on Parallel Architectures and Compilation Techniques OCTOBER 12-16, 1999 Newport Beach , California USA PACT99 Sponsored by IEEE Computer Society and IFIP Working Group 10.3 Keynote Speaker: Marc Tremblay on the MAJC architecture On-line Registration Final Program at a Glance Panel discussion topic will be Architecture Research in the Industry and the panelists are: Yale Patt, Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering, University of Texas, Austin We will have the following two tutorials IA-64 ARCHITECTURE AND TECHNOLOGY COMPRESSION IN MULTIMEDIA Final Program for Workshop on Binary Translation We have travel grants for students and junior faculty Conference Objectives Organizing Committee Marriott Hotel and Tennis Club: Special rate of $124/day for PACT'99 attendees. To receive this special rate, be sure to mention you are with PACT'99! Please make reservation by September 21 to receive this special rate. Miscellaneous information: Atrium Hotel , close to the airport Travellodge Hacienda For any other information, please try the links to the city of Newport Beach and the Marriott Hotel . They have many helpful information! We have the following mirror sites: Asia Europe Australia If you were looking for Parallel Computing Technologies Conference, please go to (PaCT-99) If you would like information on previous PACT conferences, please go to Previous PACT Conferences Call for participation for Workshop on Binary Translation Call for papers for Workshop on Reconfigurable Computing (WoRC'99) CONFERENCE OBJECTIVES Reconfigurable architectures; ORGANIZING COMMITTEE General Chair Nader Bagherzadeh, University of California, Irvine Program Committee Co-Chairs Paraskevas Evripidou, University of Cyprus Publicity Chair Chinhyun (Thomas) Kim, Intel Corporation chinhyun.t.kim@intel.com Regional Publicity Co-Chairs Asia: Kazuki Joe, Wakayama University Australia: Andrew Wendelborn, University of Adelaide Europe: Christophe Cerin, Universite de Picardie Jules Verne Program Committee Web Master Marios Dikaiakos, University of Cyprus Local Arrangements Chair Simin Shoari, University of California, Irvine Publication Chair Sally McKee, University of Utah Finance Chair Maggie Johnson, IEEE Computer Society Tutorial Chair Lynn Choi, University of California, Irvine Workshops Chair Walid Najjar, Colorado State University Steering Committee Jean-Luc Gaudiot, University of Southern California (Chair) Last modified by Chinhyun (Thomas) Kim 
 2nd Workshop on "Large-Scale Scientific Computations" June 2-6, 1999 Sozopol Svetozar Margenov Panayot Vassilevski Plamen Yalamov SIAM Activity Group on Supercomputing Special Event: Dedicated to the 65th birthday of Owe Axelsson . Proceedings of the workshop Scientific program Last Announcement Special Sessions Guidelines for the preparation of camera-ready manuscripts for proceedings Conference Location Excursion to Nessebar Second Announcement First Announcement Conference Addresses Proceedings of the First Workshop on "Large-Scale Scientific Computations'97" History 
 Beowulf and Beyond Archival pages October 6 - 8, 1999 Agenda Attendees Lodging & Transportation Registration: http://www.csm.ornl.gov/JPC4/JPCindex.html v2-10/12/99 webmaster 
 HIGH-PERFORMANCE COMPUTING AND NETWORKING 2000 Best paper and poster awards Half a day Workshop on Cluster Computing Half a day Workshop on Eurostore - Organized by Fabrizio Gagliardi Half a day Workshop on Java in High Performance Computing - Organized by Vladimir S. Getov Half a day Workshop on LAWRA - Organized by Jerzy Wasniewski One day Workshop on Virtual Laboratory - Organized by L.O. Hertzberger Associated events Half a day associated event on Modelling and Simulation of Morphogenesis and pattern Formation in Biology Half a day associated event on NCF - Organized by Jaap Hollenberg Half a day associated event on Systems and Datamining - Organized by J.W. Tellegen One day associated event on MPR - Organized by Job Kleuver Important Dates 08-10 May 2000 - HPCN Europe 2000 event AWARDS Best Papers FIRST Pickles, S.; Costen, F.; Brooke, J.; Gabriel, E.; Müller, M.; Resch, M. and Ord, S. Award : Compaq AERO 1500 Palmtop SECOND Beliën, A.J.C; van der Holst, B.; Nool, M.; van der Ploeg, A. and Goedbloed,J.P. Award : Certificate for a book of choice from Elsevier-Cambridge. THIRD Guo, Y. and Wendel, P. Award : One year subscription to Future Generation Computer Systems (FGCS) Best Poster Script wrapper for software integration systems Fischer, J.; Schreiber, A. and Strietzel, M. Created by: Anne Frenkel, Joost Bijlmer E-mail: annef@wins.uva.nl , joostb@wins.uva.nl 
 Proceedings of the Second Workshop on Cluster-Based Computing Saturday 6 May 2000 Preface Nicholas P. Carter Assistant Professor Steven S. Lumetta Assistant Professor npcarter@uiuc.edu lumetta@uiuc.edu Table of Contents Session I: Application Studies and Management Tools " Parallel FEM Simulation of Crack Propagation on the AC Velocity Cluster " " Scalability and Performance of CTH on the Computational Plant " " The Scalable System Administrator: via C3 M3C Tools " " Overlapping Data Transfer with Application Execution on Clusters " " Evaluation of Two BSP Libraries through Parallel Sorting on Clusters " " Latency Reduction using a Polling Scheduler " " An Agent-Based Architecture for Tuning Parallel and Distributed Applications Performance " " Performance Analysis of PC-CLUMP Based on SMP-Bus Utilization " " Parallel Program Traces for Accurate Prediction of Proposed Cluster Performance " 
