 Math is a universal language, English is not. Please help translate this page . Print Free Graph Paper Save yourself money and a trip to the store! Print graph paper free from your computer. This site is perfect for science and math homework, craft projects and other graph paper needs. All graph paper files are optimized PDF documents requiring Adobe Reader for viewing. Take advantage of your printing flexibility; print on transparency film for sharp graph paper overheads, or waterproof paper for field data-collecting. Graph Linear Equations Graphing linear equations is pretty simple, but only if you work neatly. Graph Polar Coordinates Understand plotting points in polar coordinates. Logarithmic Functions Don't find the logarithms, the paper does it for us. Graphing Parabolas Learn how to graph the parabola on graph paper. Helpful Sites 1. Choose type of graph paper: Cartesian Graph Paper Engineering Graph Paper Polar Graph Paper Isometric Graph Paper Logarithmic Graph Paper Hexagonal Graph Paper Probability Graph Paper Smith Chart Graph Paper 2. Choose paper size: Letter - 8.5" x 11" A4 - 210mm x 297mm 3. Choose measuring units: Inches Millimeters Inches Millimeters Inches Millimeters Inches Millimeters Inches Millimeters Logarithmic Inches Millimeters Inches Millimeters Ohms 4. Choose your graph paper: 1/2" Cartesian Graph Paper 1/4" Cartesian Graph Paper 1/5" Cartesian Graph Paper 1/10" Cartesian Graph Paper 1/4" Cartesian Graph Paper 1/5" Cartesian Graph Paper 10mm Cartesian Graph Paper 5mm Cartesian Graph Paper 2mm Cartesian Graph Paper 1mm Cartesian Graph Paper 10mm Cartesian Graph Paper 5mm Cartesian Graph Paper 1/2" Engineering Graph Paper 1/4" Engineering Graph Paper 1/5" Engineering Graph Paper 1/10" Engineering Graph Paper 5mm Engineering Graph Paper 2mm Engineering Graph Paper 1mm Engineering Graph Paper 1/2" Polar Graph Paper 1/4" Polar Graph Paper 1/5" Polar Graph Paper 1/2" Polar Graph Paper 1/4" Polar Graph Paper 1/5" Polar Graph Paper 10mm Polar Graph Paper 5mm Polar Graph Paper 2mm Polar Graph Paper 10mm Polar Graph Paper 5mm Polar Graph Paper 2mm Polar Graph Paper 1/2" Isometric Graph Paper 1/4" Isometric Graph Paper 1/5" Isometric Graph Paper 10mm Isometric Graph Paper 5mm Isometric Graph Paper 2mm Isometric Graph Paper 1/2" Semi-Log Graph Paper 1/4" Semi-Log Graph Paper 1/5" Semi-Log Graph Paper 1/2" Semi-Log Graph Paper 1/4" Semi-Log Graph Paper 1/5" Semi-Log Graph Paper 1/2" Semi-Log Graph Paper 1/4" Semi-Log Graph Paper 1/5" Semi-Log Graph Paper 10mm Semi-Log Graph Paper 5mm Semi-Log Graph Paper 2mm Semi-Log Graph Paper 10mm Semi-Log Graph Paper 5mm Semi-Log Graph Paper 2mm Semi-Log Graph Paper 10mm Semi-Log Graph Paper 5mm Semi-Log Graph Paper 2mm Semi-Log Graph Paper 1 x 1 Logarithmic Graph Paper 2 x 2 Logarithmic Graph Paper 3 x 3 Logarithmic Graph Paper 1" Hexagonal Graph Paper 1/2" Hexagonal Graph Paper 1/4" Hexagonal Graph Paper 1/5" Hexagonal Graph Paper 20mm Hexagonal Graph Paper 10mm Hexagonal Graph Paper 5mm Hexagonal Graph Paper 1/2" Probability Graph Paper 1/4" Probability Graph Paper 1/5" Probability Graph Paper 10mm Probability Graph Paper 5mm Probability Graph Paper 2mm Probability Graph Paper Smith Chart Graph Paper Cartesian graph paper is the most popular form of graph paper in use. This type of graph paper is identified by its two perpendicular sets of lines forming a square grid. This graph paper’s grid is used when graphing two-dimensional equations, and this versatile graph paper is useful for sketches, craft projects, layouts and other non-math activities. Engineering graph paper lines are similar to Cartesian graph paper’s two perpendicular sets of lines forming a square grid. However, through the use of contrasting line-weights, engineering graph paper groups the squares into clusters to show distance. Our imperial graph papers are in one square-inch clusters and our metric graph papers are in one square-centimeter clusters. Polar graph paper is used when graphing polar coordinates. Our polar graph paper has lines radiating from a point to divide the field into 360 unmarked sections that can be labeled as degrees or radians, while concentric circles intersect the lines by a selected interval. Isometric graph paper is used when creating isometric images or when graphing three-dimensional functions. Isometric graph paper has three sets of parallel lines representing length, width and height forming a grid of equilateral triangles. Logarithmic graph paper is used for graphing rapidly increasing or decreasing quantities spread over a wide expanse. This type of graph paper uses a logarithmic scale that compresses certain sections of the graph to accommodate a wide data set. Logarithmic graph paper is available in two classes. Semi-logarithmic graph paper, also called semi-log, uses a logarithmic and a linear scale to compose its axes; full-logarithmic graph paper, also called log-log, uses logarithmic scales for both axes. Hexagonal graph paper, also called hex paper, is a network of tiled hexagons that form a grid. This type of graph paper can be used when studying tessellations, but is more often used by quilt makers and computer gamers. Quilt makers use the hexagonal graph paper to design intricate piece-work patterns; gamers use it in the creation of maps to aid game navigation. Our hexagonal graph paper is measured by a regular hexagon inscribing a circle of a user specified diameter. Probability graph paper is used when graphing variables along a normal distribution. This type of graph paper uses a probability scale along one axis and a linear scale along the other. This paper is mostly used in Statistics. Smith chart is a type of graph paper used in electrical engineering to plot variances of complex transmission impedance along its length. Smith charts also simplify the matching of the line to its load. Smith charts are copyrighted by Analog Instruments Company and are offered on this site with permission. Helpful Sites Linear Equations Polar Coordinates Logarithmic Graphing Parabolas © Copyright Print Free Graph Paper 2005-2011. All Rights Reserved. 
