 Home About News Membership Events Training Resources Contact Positions Available Members Only About the Institute International Institutes History of the Institute Industrial Engineers Latest News Media Releases Subscribe to List Add News Item Personal Membership Corporate Membership Upcoming Events Post Event Subscribe to List Articles & Papers Recommended reading Australian Capital Territory New South Wales South Australia Western Australia Change Details The Institute of Industrial Engineers is the Australian body dedicated to serving the need of industry for improved productivity by enhancing professional skills of Industrial Engineers and individuals involved with creating wealth through productivity improvement. This website is designed to develop and disseminate information, ideas and concepts that will empower Industrial Engineers to produce the optimal organisational outcomes that are required in the emerging global economy. Latest Member News 2013 AGM The 2013 AGMwas held on 5thOctober 2013 in Melbourne. The AGM was successfully held with a new Council elected.The council electedAlexander Clark as a new president. IIE 2014 Federal Council Board of Directors Alexander (Lex) Clark (ACT) (Federal President). Robert Watson (WA/SA) (Senior Vice President), Scott Fairburn (VIC) (Chairman Membership Committee), Dr. Damian Kennedy (QLD) (Journal Editor) Mo Barghash (VIC) (Webmaster), Sam Ghaith (VIC) (Federal Secretary), Selvarajah (Radha) Radhakrishnan (VIC) (Federal Treasurer), David Beale (NSW) (promotion and Development Director); Chin Hak Wong (Singapore) Director Brenda Cockson (TBA). IIE 2014 Federal Council Board of Directors : Back Row, L to R: Scott Fairburn (VIC) (Chairman Membership Committee), Dr. Damian Kennedy (QLD) (Journal Editor), Mo Barghash (VIC) (Webmaster), Sam Ghaith (VIC) (Federal Secretary), Selvarajah (Radha) Radhakrishnan (VIC) (Federal Treasurer), David Beale (NSW) (promotion and Development Director); Front Row, L to R: Robert Watson (WA/SA) (Senior Vice President), Alexander (Lex) Clark (ACT) (Federal President). [in absentia: Director, Chin Hak Wong (Singapore), Director to be confirmed via interview, Brenda Cockson (TBA). The IIE remains interested in any member who would like to nominate for either a local Division role, or Directorship.For any queries please contact the Secretary. Ideas on future opportunities for your Institute are always welcome. Please contact your local division, or any of thecurrent Directors, to share your thoughts. Networking Tools for IIE members To assist with networking and collaboration between IIE members,discussion 'group' has been set up on the social networking site Facebook. This'group' will be for the discussion of new and developing theories and methodologies being used within industry as well as allowing for members to interact more readily with each other. In addition to the Facebook group a LinkedIn group is also in the process of being created. As well as offering the fantasticopportunity for networking with other IIE members, both of these networking sites offer a fantasticmethod for the IIE to keep you, its members, informed of upcoming events. To join the Facebook group simply search for 'Institute of Industrial Engineers Australia' and click on 'join group'. Please send your questions regarding the social networking groups to: scottfairburn1@gmail.com I look forward to hearing from you on the networking sites shortly- Scott Fairburn, DirectorGradIIE Past Editions of New Engineer now on-line!! Past editions of the IIE Journal, New Engineer, are now available on line. Please reference the 'Journal' page under 'Resources Or Click Here Site Information Members and councillors should submit information to the site. The general member and non-member areas are also available for this purpose. Other material may be emailed to the Federal Wedmaster. Page updatedNovember, 2013. Contact Email: societies@ieaust.org.au 
