 Home Agenda Speakers Sponsors Award Showcase Partners Logistics News About Us CIO Corner MIT Sloan CIO Symposium May 21, 2014 MIT Kresge Auditorium, Cambridge MA Register Now Enter your email to Receive the CIO Newsletter: Email: * This is where the future is made. Connect with the world @ MIT In one day... Engage and connect with global business and industry thought leaders. Acquire actionable insight through leading academic research. Explore the newest enterprise technological innovations. The MIT Sloan CIO Symposium is a community of CEOs, CIOs and senior IT executives who connect with academic thought leaders, their practicing peers and IT partners in an annual one-day conference, held on the MIT campus, as well as through online conversations and educational webcasts. These CIOs and other senior business executives from around the world gather to explore how leading-edge academic research and innovative technologies can help address the practical challenges faced in todays volatile business environment and economy. The 2014 MIT Sloan CIO Symposium will address this critical concern. Keynote presentations and interactive panel discussions feature more than fifty business leaders, strategists, lead CIOs, and technology innovators, from industry and academia. Our sessions explore topics ranging from leveraging virtualization and cloud computing to the IT role in turning your company green, application of collaborative technologies, outsourcing and IT governance. Excellence Since 2004 The MIT Sloan School of Management is ranked first in IT and innovation leadership among business schools worldwide. The MIT Sloan CIO Symposium provides insight into leading-edge academic research that enables CIOs and other senior business executives to harness the potential of innovative tools and new approaches to the practical challenges they face in todays changing economy. Lead Your Digital Enterprise Forward: Are you ready for the next digital revolution? As the global trend towards digitization accelerates, organizations need to reinvent their Digital Enterprises, again. More than new technologies are required; a whole cultural transformation is needed. Organizationsmust overcome their inertia and reluctance to change. Strong leadership is essential to identifying and implementing compelling new technologies and to overcoming organizational obstacles. Who Should Attend? What They're Saying " The MIT Sloan program has a rich innovation practice, and that is why I am here. To learn both from the Sloan folks and hear from other attendees. It is a really rich cross-pollenization of different organizations. An opportunity to both tell the GSA story and learn from others and benefit from their experiences." Casey Coleman CIO, General Services Administration 2010 MIT Sloan CIO Symposium Award " ...The MIT Sloan CIO Symposium was top-notch — an unbeatable source of information on IT trends that directly impact CIO decision-making, ...and the networking opportunities were unbeatable as well..." Richard Mark Soley Chairman CEO, Object Management Group The MIT Sloan Club's "team have developed the MIT Sloan CIO Symposium into a landmark event. It connects MIT Sloan's leading research and education with top global CIOs and business leaders, who are building their network of colleagues, updating knowledge and insights, and developing solutions to improve their organizations now and in the dynamic times ahead. " Prof. David Schmittlein John C. Head III Dean, MIT Sloan Latest Announcements Register Today and Save $200! Early Bird Pricing Ends March 1. February 25, 2014 2014 Early Bird Registration is Now Open! January 23, 2014 VIDEOS of the 2013 Symposium now available from the Agenda page! August 31, 2013 Press Coverage Yahoo Finance: Call for Applications: 2014 MIT Sloan CIO Innovation Showcase at This Year’s MIT Sloan CIO Symposium February 4, 2014 Boston.com: Lead Your Digital Enterprise Forward at the 2014 MIT Sloan CIO Symposium January 28, 2014 CIO Journal: Cloud Computing: Lots of Progress; Lots to Do January 24, 2014 We're on Facebook at http://www.facebook.com/mitcio LinkedIn group and follow us on Twitter at @mitcio Recent Tweets Register today and save $200! Early bird registration ends March 1. Don't miss the 2014 MIT Sloan CIO Symposium. R U Ready? #mitcio 24 Feb “@mitcio: Do you know an innovative CIO? Encourage her to apply for this year's CIO Leadership Award! http://t.co/cMfP53NVMn” #mitcio 12 Feb @marcdgordon Marc, be the first Sloan alum to win the MIT Sloan CIO Leadership Award! Apply at http://t.co/3GwZyWJbmL Regards, @rjchang 11 Feb Do you know an innovative CIO? Encourage her to apply for this year's CIO Leadership Award! http://t.co/UvRahp7I0g 11 Feb Current and Previous Year's Programs 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 About MIT Sloan Alumni More About our Alumni Association Upcoming Events MIT Sloan CFO Summit Become a Club Member Want to Contribute? Volunteer Contact Us General Enquiries Speaker Recommendations Sponsorship Information Request Press Enquiry CIO Award Inquiries Volunteer for the MIT Sloan CIO Symposium Website Questions/Comments 
