 Home Members Membership Journal - Andrology Meetings Testis Workshop Resources About Your Member Information Search the Member Directory Dues History and Payment Continuing Education History Member Bulletin Board Business Meeting Minutes Sign Out Membership Benefits Membership Categories Membership Application Membership Application PDF Trainee Upgrade About the Journal Author Guidelines Article Submission Institutional Subscriptions Advertising Journal of Andrology Access Journal of Andrology Online! Commercial Reprints Commercial Copyright Permission Non-Commercial Copyright Permission Inaugural Issue-FREE Future Meetings Past Meetings Trainee Travel Awards International Travel Awards Other Meetings of Interest Member Links Andrology Links Trainee Affairs Job Postings ASA Position Statements Andrology Handbook Order Past Program Books Testis Workshop 2009 Proceedings ASA Executive Office Executive Council Committees Constitution ByLaws Code of Ethics Past Presidents Awards Lectureship Recipients Photo Archives Women in Andrology Social Media Guidelines Welcome to the ASA! Commemorative Issue Journal of Andrology Online access Institutional Subscriptions and Non-ASA-Member Individual Subscriptions Inaugural Issue-FREE The American Society of Andrology (ASA) is a unique partnership of scientists and clinicians. Founded in 1975, the Society has over 775 members from all over the world whose specialty fields include male reproduction, endocrinology, urology, anatomy, gynecology/obstetrics, biochemistry, animal science, molecular cell biology, and reproductive technologies. The Society, which fosters a multi-disciplinary approach to the study of male reproduction, exists to promote scientific interchange and knowledge of the male reproductive system. ASA 39th ANNUAL MEETING Andrology: Where Are We and Where Are We Going? Register for the 39th ASA Annual Meeting at the Intercontinental Buckhead Atlanta. Early Registration is currently open and discounted room rates are available. More information Registration On-Line Subscription to Andrology Mark Your Calendars 39th Annual Conference Program Schedule ASA Basic Science Workshop ASA Special Symposium Andrology Lab Workshop More information Registration SAVE the DATE Program Suggestions Undergraduate Opportunities and Careers in Andrology ASA Strategic Plan - April 2012 Click here to view dr.donna.vogel@gmail.com HANDBOOK OF ANDROLOGY Handbook Overview Individual Chapters/Entire Handbook ASA ASA 1100 E. Woodfield Road, Suite 350, Schaumburg, IL 60173 2009 American Society of Andrology. All rights reserved. 
 ՀԱՅ | ENG Read More Science Scientific, educational and public events for biologists and not only... Read More Join us Bringing people and ideas together... Read More Environment Biodiversity conservation and environmental education for new generations Home About Us History Our Staff Representatives Partners Activity Projects Science and Education Environment Publications Initiatives Join Us Membership Honorary Members Donation For Biologist Research Molecular Biology Biodiversity Conservation Contact Us YBA on Media Find publications in newspapers, internet media resources, radio and TV programs about Young Biologists Association NGO. YBA Gallery The photostream of memorable episodes and the best moments of YBA events and activities are presented in our gallery. YBA Video In this section, you will find video materials of our various activities and events posted in YBA Youtube channel. YBA Live TV Channel YBA Live TV Channel presents live web streaming of our outdoor actions, educational events and web TV programs. Announcements “Neuroscience in Art” Exhibition-Contest 2014-02-18 Batumi Raptor Count 2013 Youth Projects 2013-06-28 Invitation for participation: Workshop of modern fieldwork techniques of biodiversity research 2013-05-20 Educational seminar 2013-05-14 Rapid Chess Amateur Championship of Young Scientists of Armenia 2013-04-21 Question to the specialist 2013-03-24 Latest News “Preventing the degradation of agricultural lands as a factor of the improvement of social conditions of rurals” program During november and december of 2013 in collaboration with the Ministry of Emergency Situations... 2013-12-13 Cleaning up the Gosh Lake On 14 September, in the framework of "SOS Gosh Lake" initiative the clean-up of Gosh Lake... 2013-09-16 Cooperation memorandum between YBA, MPI Union and “GXP” Centre of Excellence On August 28, 2013 a cooperation memorandum was signed between the representatives of Young... 2013-08-28 Tweet About Us Activity Join Us For Biologist Research History Our Staff Representatives Partners Science and Education Environment Publications Initiatives Membership Honorary Members Donation Useful Links Grants Events Job Educational program Molecular Biology Biodiversity Conservation All rights reserved 2013 Young Biologists Association Created by Caetus Web Studio 
 the official website of The Bioelectromagnetics Society THE BIOELECTROMAGNETICS SOCIETY BEMS home society membership journal meetings newsletter contact Home The Bioelectromagnetics Society promotes the exchange of ideas to advance the science of natural and applied electromagnetic fields in biology and medicine. MEETING WEBSITE | MORE INFORMATION Announcements and Breaking News **Note New Closing Date** - Post-Doctoral Research Fellow, Faculty of Health, Arts & Design NOW ONLINE BIOELECTROMAGNETICS VOLUME 35, ISSUE #2 (February 2014) Post-doctoral position at the University of Leicester NOW ONLINE BIOELECTROMAGNETICS VOLUME 35, ISSUE #1 (January 2014) More... Dr. Frank S. Prato, Imaging Program Leader and Assistant Scientific Director, Lawson Health Research Institute, Professor in Medical Imaging, Medical Biophysics, and Physics, The University of Western Ontario, London, Canada and former president of BEMS is the d'Arsonval Award winner for 2013. David Black (left) hands over the presidency of The Bioelectromagetics Society to Richard Nuccitelli (right) at the Annual Meeting, held this year in Thessaloniki, Greece in June 2013. The Bioelectromagnetics Society | Disclaimer | Credits | Contact BEMS | Browser Compatibility User login Username or e-mail: * Password: * Create new account Request new password Problems Logging In? 
 Skip to Main Content Area JOIN NOW! Memberships starting at $15 Follow @SofEthnobiology Members Login Join/Renew Home About the Society SoE Purpose and Mission Society Structure Bylaws Organizational Structure Society By-Laws Articles of Incorporation Current Board of Directors About Our Logo Ethics Membership Membership Benefits Join or Renew Local Chapters About Ethnobiology What is Ethnobiology? Who are Ethnobiologists? Ethnobiology Around the World Society Publications Journal of Ethnobiology Current Issue Back Issues Guidelines for Authors Contact the Editors Contributions in Ethnobiology Explorations in Ethnobiology Sprouting Valley Ethnobiology Letters Ethnobiology Conference Upcoming Conference Registration Abstract Submission Awards Waivers Awards Ceremony Banquet Field Trips Special Events Sessions Trip Planning Accommodations Transportation Visa Applications Child Care Submitted Abstracts For Presenters Past Conferences Conference Abstracts Conference Podcasts Conference Photo Galleries Conference Video Galleries Education and Outreach Ethnobiology Education Become a Mentor—Find a Mentor! Our Mentors Speak Course Syllabi Awards Barbara Lawrence Award Barbara Lawrence Award About Barbara Lawrence Barbara Lawrence Bibliography BLA Recipients Undergraduate Ethnobiologist Award Distinguished Ethnobiologist Award Best Poster Award Ethnobiology Announcements Related Links Contact Tweets by @SofEthnobiology Welcome to the Society of Ethnobiology website Read our Mission Statement » Ethnobiology is the scientific study of dynamic relationships among peoples, biota, and environments. Learn more About Ethnobiology ! Read the most recent Ethnobiology News ! Hear Our Mentors Speak about the rewards and challenges of being an ethnobiologist! Explore our Archives ! The Society of Ethnobiology gathers and disseminates knowledge of ethnobiology and fosters ongoing appreciation for the richness of ethnobiology worldwide. Tour Ethnobiology Around the World for a taste of the diversity of ethnobiological research and an appreciation of the rich relationships between people and their biological worlds. Our members include academic and non-academic individuals who share a binding interest in exploring human-biological relationships, from the very distant past to the immediate present. The Journal of Ethnobiology , Ethnobiology Contributions , and Ethnobiology Letters are multidisciplinary peer-reviewed periodicals representing research in archaeology, geography, systematics, population biology, ecology, mathematical biology, cultural anthropology, pharmacology, nutrition, conservation, and sustainable development. Visit our Society Publications page. We'd love to meet you at our annual Ethnobiology Conference ! To read about SoE in Estonian, Click here » Ethnobiology Letters Volume 5 (2014) Journal of Ethnobiology New online submission system now available! Volume 33, Number 2 Fall/Winter 2013 Announcements Election Results Board of Trustees Call for Nominations Botany in Action Fellowship CFP Journal of Ethnobiology: New Submission Process Undergraduate Ethnobiologist of the Year - 2013 - Allison Gracer NEW SoE Publication See details » Membership Benefits Subscription to the Journal of Ethnobiology Access to JoE online via BioOne Be eligible to present papers at the SoE annual conference Website user account with access to Member Directory and Members Only section Join or Renew Now » SoE Student Listserv SOE now has a student listserv. Sign up and spread the word! Subscribe NEW: Our Mentors Speak More interviews » Home About Us Membership Journal Conference Education Award Links Contact Copyright 2014 Society of Ethnobiology Web design by Takahashi Design 
 Phylogenetics and Comparative Biology NSF Key Leadership Position Open SICB in Science Magazine International Congress of Comparative Physiology & Biochemistry Donate to SICB Join/Renew Membership Contact Us Search Directory SICB 2014 Annual Meeting Headlines Annual meeting attendance was robust despite travel woes. Executive Committee Actions: SICB forms a new Division of Ecoimmunology and Disease Ecology New Orleans chosen as the 2017 annual meeting site. SICB presents honorary memberships to Plenary speaker Randy Olson and Moore lecturer Ross Nehm. Mike Hadfield receives the first M. Patricia Morse Award for Excellence and Innovation in Science Education. Dan Warner presents Bart lecture. Lou Guillette presents Bern lecture. Connie OConnor wins Dorothy Skinner Award. SICB announces search for new editor of Integrative and Comparative Biology as Editor Hal Heatwole steps down in 2016 after ten years of service. Best Student Presentation Winners receive awards sponsored by Wiley/Blackwell. Award winners are announced. Meeting Highlights Newsletter Fall 2013 Read Newsletter Featured Highlight by Martin E. Feder Dancing Lessons from God "We have much to learn from (and teach) one another. The exact lesson, however, is highly unpredictable, often unintended, and sometimes not obvious for years." Oxford University Press offers a 25% discount to SICB members 
 Society menu About the Society Publications Scientific Meetings Membership Members Area Home Science menu Cell Biology Plant Biology Animal Biology Education Area Quicklinks Register for a meeting Submit an abstract Scientific sessions Join the SEB Society for Experimental Biology Welcome to the Society for Experimental Biology! Experimental Biology is the study of the form and function of animals and plants at all levels of organisation from the molecular and cellular to the whole organism. The ethos of Experimental Biology is one of interdisciplinary studies usually conducted within the context of the environment and evolution of the organism. The Society for Experimental Biology believes that the broad nature and lack of boundaries implicit in Experimental Biology give it a pivotal role in the development of Life Sciences which are of considerable benefit to its members and to society. In particular, Experimental Biology contributes to knowledge that can be applied to the development of agriculture and medicine and to understanding the impacts of human activity on living organisms and ecosystems. Organising a meeting? We can help! SEB Management can provide secretariat support for meetings, including registration and abstract administration. Tailored support packages to meet your needs! Containing lots of useful information on everything from applying for jobs to CV writing, Next Steps is our new careers reseource for undergraduate students, and is available as a free download. Essential Reviews in Experimental Biology is the new peer-reviewed series published by the SEB which aims to encompass all the areas of science that the society represents. Volumes 1 - 5 are available for purchase. Join the SEB today - you don't need to live in the UK to join - we have members all over the world!! Photos SEB Salzburg 2012 Woodstock 2012 SEB Glasgow 2011 News UK Plant Science Federation Report Released NEW SEB book series - Volumes 1 - 5 available for purchase SEB Members in the Press Membership Become an SEB Member today! Have a look at what you have to gain by becoming an SEB member! Travel Grants Next deadline - 31 March 2014. Members area Members - use the link above to access the members area and renew your membership! SEB PhD Studentship The SEB sponsors one new studentship each year - more information here. Meetings Fuelling the Fires of Life - A tribute to Bill Milsom 24 - 27 June 2014 Carberry Tower, Edinburgh More Information SEB Manchester 2014 1 - 4 July 2014 Manchester University More information Search Accessibility Terms Privacy Feedback Sitemap Contact Home Website design services by Sigmer Technologies 
 Search Home About FASEB Who We Are Governance Bylaws FASEB Board Board Standing Committees Board Ordinary Committees Departments Annual Report Centennial Home Page What We Do Advocacy Society Management Services Meeting Management Services Publication Services Constituent Societies Society Related Events Society Awards Nobel Prize Winners Resources to Enhance Diversity in Science Membership Benefits For Your Society For Society Members For International Members Ready to Join? Awards Excellence in Science Award Nomination Procedures Recipients Award Lectures Committee Members Public Service Award Recipients Scientific Contests Stand Up for Science About SUFS Resources Guidelines and Judging Rubric Frequently Asked Questions Terms Conditions Spread the Word BioArt About BIO-ART Important Dates Terms Conditions Submit Artwork Frequently Asked Questions Winners 2012 BioArt Winners Beaumont Campus Campus Tenant Services Space Available for Lease Employment Opportunities Directions to FASEB Donate Contact FASEB Science Research Conferences About FASEB SRC Other SRC Managed Conferences Register Now Registration Information Registration Fees Payment Information International Attendees Abstract Poster Information Frequently Asked Questions Important Deadlines Forms Cancellation Notification Form Italy Shuttle Reservation Forms Vermont Shuttle Reservation Forms Locations, Lodging Transportation Base Village, Snowmass Village, CO Lodging Transportation Big Sky, MT Lodging Transportation Keystone, CO Lodging Transportation Itasca, IL Lodging Transportation Niagara Falls, NY Lodging Transportation Saxtons River, VT Lodging Transportation Steamboat Springs, CO Lodging Transportation Italy Lodging Transportation Nassau, Bahamas Lodging Transportation Awards Travel Grants For Invited Speakers For Conference Organizers Support the SRC 2014 Supporters 2013 Supporters Submit a Science Conference Proposal General Information Contact SRC Staff Association Management Services Society Management Services Membership Marketing, Recruitment, Retention Marketing Advertising Scientific Associations Advertising Sales - AdNet Meeting, Conference, Event Management Exhibit Management Services Managed Meetings Past Meetings Publication Services Editorial Services Meeting Programs, Abstracts and Directories Publication Fulfillment Services Advertising Sales - AdNet Accounting Financial Services Technology and IT Support Project Management for Associations Professional Memberships Certifications Clients Request More Information Policy Government Affairs Science Policy Issues Animals in Research Education Statement of Principles Teaching/Advocacy Material Animal Rights Extremism Animals in Research Education Subcommittee Other Resources Clinical Research Teaching/Advocacy Material Clinical Research Subcommittee Other Resources Evolution Education Resources FASEB Policy Statements Teaching/Advocacy Material Federal Funding Publications Federal Science Budget Resources Homeland Security Visas Biosecurity Subcommittee Other Resources NIH Portfolio Management NIH Issues Subcommittee Peer Review and Priority Setting Peer Review Subcommittee Regulatory Burden and Research Administration Other Resources Research Data and Informatics Research Data and Informatics Subcommittee Research Integrity Financial Conflicts of Interest in Research Conflict of Interest Toolkit Scientific Publication and Intellectual Property Stem Cells SCNT Teaching/Advocacy Material Other Resources Training Career Opportunities for Scientists Teaching/Advocacy Material Individual Development Plan Resources to Enhance Diversity in Science Training and Career Opportunities Subcommittee Other Resources International Science Policy Resources Advocacy on Capitol Hill Congressional Visit Toolbox Advocacy Resources for Scientists NIH State Information Factsheets NIH District Information Factsheets Legislative Action Center Federal Science Budget Information Data Compilations NIH Research Funding Trends Education and Employment of Scientists Benefits of Biomedical Research Benefits Disease Burden Health Care Expenditures Cost of Illness Science Advances Improvements in Health Longevity Economic Benefits Publications Annual Federal Funding Report Breakthroughs and Horizons in Bioscience Breakthroughs and Horizons Archive Breakthroughs and Horizons Subcommittee FASEB Washington Update FASEB Washington Update Articles FASEB Washington Update archives Other Publications and Reports News Room 2008 Archive 2007 Archive 2006-2005 Archive News Publications News Room News Archive Contact Information The FASEB Journal Sign up for The FASEB Journal News Breakthroughs in Bioscience Washington Update Federal Funding Report Directory of Members MARC Professional Development MARC InfoNet FASEB MARC Black History Month Online Newsletter Social Media Networks FASEB MARC @ Meetings Measurements of Success F.A.Q. Look Whos Talking About MARC Advisory Board Members Minority Affairs Committees MARC Program Staff Travel Awards Scientific Meetings Conferences FASEB Science Research Conferences Summer Research Opportunity Program SROP/PREP Listings SROP Student Listings SROP Film Festival Grantsmanship Training Program Maryland Virginia MBL Experimental Biology Postdoctoral Professional Development Award Eligible Meetings / Conferences Rules for Reimbursement FASEB Diversity Program Partners Travel Awards MARC Peer Mentors Network Anthea Aikins, PhD Prince Awuah Juan Bustamante, PhD Sarah Deemer Deborah R. Francoleon, PhD Kamilah Grant Rebecca Hasson, PhD Brandon Hollis Stacy Hunter, PhD Sheikh Omar Jobe LAurelle Johnson, PhD Marquell Johnson, PhD George Jules Marie-Michelle (Michou) Kelley Daniel Lee, PhD LeeCole Legette, PhD Diana Lizarazo Veronica Lopez, PhD Trudy Moore-Harrison, PhD Kimberly Mulligan Mario Navarro Chloe Poston Teresa Ramirez Janice Reuben Jayne S. Reuben, PhD Alberto I. Roca, PhD Martin Rosario Kennie Shepherd, PhD Alex Stewart Bolaji Thomas, PhD Jose Torres-Hernandez Tamara P. Tucker, PhD David Vigerust, PhD Michelle Walker, PhD Angela Whatley Tracy Womble, PhD Cecelia Yates-Binder, PhD Visiting Scientist Program Biomedical Publication Seminars Career Development Seminars Grantsmanship Training Seminars Resources News Room NIGMS Website Career Resources Career Centers ABRF Career Center ASHG Career Center EB Career Center Life Sciences Job Center Career Coaches Howard G. Adams, Ph.D. Debra Behrens, PhD Judy Blumenthal, PhD Philip Clifford, Ph.D. Anthony Coelho, Jr., Ph.D. Lori Conlan, PhD Cynthia Fuhrmann, Ph.D. Andrew Green, Ph.D. Henry Khachaturian, Ph.D. Bill Lindstaedt, M.S. John Lombardo, Ph.D. Sharon Milgram, PhD Naledi Saul Joe Tringali M.S. (Peg) AtKisson, PhD Linda McManus, PhD Cecelia Yates-Binder, PhD Life Sciences Job Center Resources to Enhance Diversity in Science MARC Mobile App The Directory Search the Directory Advertise in the Directory Stand Up for Science Contest Winners Announced The FASEB Journal, the world's most cited biology journal. Breakthroughs in Bioscience sheds a light on critical advancements in biomedical research Introducing myIDP: An Interactive, Online Career Planning Tool for Scientists To learn more about our full range of association management services, click here. Latest News 02/12/2014 FASEB Announces Winners of Second Annual Stand Up for Science Video Contest Read More 02/10/2014 MARC Travel Awards Announced for the ACSM 2014 Texas Regional Chapter Meeting Read More 02/10/2014 MARC Travel Awards Announced for the Association of Biomolecular Resource Facilities Annual Meeting Read More 02/10/2014 MARC Travel Awards Announced for the ACSM 2014 Southeast Regional Chapter Meeting Read More 02/03/2014 The FASEB Journal: Thyroid cancer cells become less aggressive in outer space Read More See All Meetings Calendar 26 Read More 27 Read More 06 Read More 17 Read More 19 Read More See All RSS Feed Video Spotlight Stay Informed e-Action List Sign-Up Submit Life Science Job Center Your exclusive access to career opportunities! Open-SmartModule A Board of Directors creates vision and provides a strategic direction, but all too often its role expands into implementation and management due to scarce resources and staff. This is why FASEB provides full-service Society Management Services . As an association management company focused on the scientific community, our team is accustomed to the unique responsibilities of nonprofit entities and can establish the necessary strategies, processes, correspondence, logistics, and staff to fulfill those requirements. FASEB can provide an executive director responsible for managing all aspects of your organization, or tailor solutions to your specific needs.We can help take your organization to the next level. From membership marketing to publishing a journal, running your annual meeting to providing financial services, our management team is dedicated to the successful implementation of your unique mission and goals. Our tailored services offer comprehensive solutions to meet your societys needs. To browse our services, simply click Association Management Services . You will find out how FASEB can save your organization time and money while gaining exposure and generating revenue. You will gain peace of mind and save yourself from the day to day hassle with FASEB's Society ManagementServices. Have a question about our Association Management Services or how we function as an AssociationManagement Company within the scientific community? Please contact us at management@FASEB.org or call 301.634.7213 . Looking for that dream job in the biological and biomedical community?! The Life Science Job Center is your one stop shop for all jobs in the life sciences field: Post an Anonymous Resume - The Life Science Job Center fully protects your anonymity. Employers cannot see any of your contact information without your explicit approval.Whether you're actively or passively seeking work, your online resume is your ticket to great job offers! Get started today by posting your resume . Search the Job Center - The Life Science Job Center allows employers to post jobs daily and even email broadcast posts that match your specific search criteria. You can search the job center by keyword, location, or job type - log on to see what jobs are waiting for you ! Job Alert System - We notify you by e-mail of new job opportunities that match your search criteria.Never miss the next best job opportunity again! Search for jobs based on location, industry, or job function - it's that easy, sign up for your job alerts today ! Career Centers - Professional societies and associations in the science community partner with FASEBto offer online and meeting-related career services in conjunction with the society's annual meeting.Check out our previous and upcoming career centers . Career Coaches - In conjunction with our career center and through our professional development programs, FASEB offers career coaches to review resumes, share career advice, and answer your questions on specific skill sets needed to succeed in the life sciences community. Find out more about our career resources today . The resources available throughFASEB's Life Science Job Center will truly help you make that next career move. If you have any questions about the Life Science Job Center, please do not hesitate to contact us . Register for a Science Research Conference here! These international conferences welcome prominent scientists, faculty, postdoctoral fellows and graduate students working in areas experiencing rapid scientific advances and conducting cutting-edge research. Meetings are traditionally small, averaging between 100-150 participants, and are held over four to five days with sessions in the mornings and evenings. Please visit the SRC website for conference information or contact the FASEB SRC office . Submit a Proposal for a Science Research Conference Anyone holding an advanced medical or doctoral degree, and are active in the scientific community, may submit a proposal to hold a conference with FASEB. Written proposals are processed and submitted annually in November to the SRC Advisory Committee for formal review and consideration. To submit a proposal, please send an email to Robin Crawford, CMP, at rcrawford@faseb.org requesting an application. Type Proposal Application and the year of the proposed conference in the subject line of the email Deadlines for Submitting a Proposal For conferences held in: Deadline to submit a proposal for consideration: Jan 1, 2016 - Dec 31, 2016 Monday, September 22, 2014 Jan 1, 2017 - Dec 31, 2017 Monday, September 21, 2015 Employment Opportunities | About Us | Join FASEB | Site Map | Contact Us Interact, Phone: 301.634.7000 | Fax: 301.634.7001 Full Site Mobile Site 
 Skip navigation | Search this site Accessibility Options a a a Home The Society The Society The Linnean Society has provided a forum for natural history since 1788. The Society aims to inspire and inform the public in all areas of natural history through its broad range of events and publications. About the Society About the Society Founded in 1788, the Society is named after the great Swedish scientist Carl Linnaeus (1707-1778), whose botanical, zoological and library collections have been in our keeping since 1829. Governance of the Society Governance of the Society The Society is governed by a Council, including six Honorary Officers: President, Treasurer, and the Scientific, Editorial and Collections Secretaries. The Council is advised by a wide range of Committees. Awards, Grants and Medals Awards, Grants and Medals The Linnean Society of London aims to promote the study of all aspects of the biological sciences, with particular emphasis on evolution, taxonomy, biodiversity and sustainability. Through awarding medals and grants, the Society acknowledges and encourages excellence in all of these fields. Society News Society News From Special events and Annual Awards to Policy Consultations and new educational resources, there is always something happening at the Society. Keep up to date with our news here. Room Hire Room Hire The Linnean Society of London offers a prestigious central London venue for meetings, conferences, and lectures. We can provide appropriate facilities for meetings of 6 people, conferences for 40 or lectures for audiences of 100 all at highly competitive rates. Support Us Support Us The Society seeks to further the study of and an enthusiasm for the science of Natural History in all ages - in short, to continue Linnaeus' leagacy. Will you help us? This Month This Month Vacancies and Volunteering Vacancies and Volunteering SiteMap SiteMap See a listing of all pages on the site. Meetings & Events Meetings & Events The Linnean Society of London holds regular events including Public Lectures, Scientific meetings and conferences and other special events. Many of our events are free and open to all. Events Events The Linnean Society's diverse programme of events covers everything from plant and animal diversity to remote sensing and in vitro fertilisation. Most Linnean Society meetings are open to the public as well as members of the organisation. Find our full listings here. Podcasts of Events Podcasts of Events The Linnean Society of London records our Lecture series so that you dont miss out. Listen to our free online podcasts of past events. Past Events Past Events View an archive of our past events here. Event listing with filters Event listing with filters Propose an event Propose an event Linnean News Linnean News Events at other societies Events at other societies Our Fellows Our Fellows The Society's Fellowship is international, and its Fellows are drawn from all walks of life, ranging from amateur naturalists to leading professional scientists. The Society welcomes anyone Interested in natural history in all its forms. Log-in to the Fellows' area Log-in to the Fellows' area Become a Fellow Become a Fellow The Society welcomes anyone interested in natural history, in all its forms. Scientists, horticulturalists, artists and historians of natural history, both amateur and professional, are all warmly encouraged to join our growing Fellowship. Royal Patrons and Honorary Fellows Royal Patrons and Honorary Fellows Specimen Collections Specimen Collections The Linnean Society holds several important 18th Century animal and plant collections - including some 40,000 original specimens from the collection of Carl Linnaeus. Most of our specimen collections have been digitised and are freely available online. Please explore these pages to find out more! The Linnaean Herbarium The Linnaean Herbarium The Herbarium held by the Linnean Society of London is the single most important Linnaean collection of plant specimens. Linnaean Insect, Fish & Shell Collections Linnaean Insect, Fish & Shell Collections These collections of Insects, Fishes and Shells are of critical importance to the correct naming and identification of zoological specimens. Smith Botanical Collections Smith Botanical Collections The biological collections of Sir James Edward Smith, founder and first President of the Linnean Society. They include his Herbarium and his Carpological Collection. View and Use the Collections View and Use the Collections The majority of our collections can be viewed online. The Linnaean Plant Typification Project The Linnaean Plant Typification Project The Linnaean Plant Name Typification Project has been working to establish type specimens retroactively for the 9,000 plant names of species coined by Linnaeus, so that the names can be correctly used. Library & Archives Library & Archives Welcome to the Library & Archives of the Linnean Society. Please make sure to contact us before you visit: Library@Linnean.org or Tel: +44 (0)20 7434 4479 EXT 23 Main Library and Archives Main Library and Archives Find out more about our Library & Archive Collections. The books cover the literature of biology from 1483 to date. We also have an extensive run of journals. Unpublished material includes manuscripts, correspondence collections, diaries, the domestic archives of the Society, archives of other organisations, artwork, portraits & photographs. Library and Collections of Linnaeus Library and Collections of Linnaeus The Society preserves the books, correspondence and manuscripts of Carl Linnaeus, collectively known as the Linnaean Library. Library and Collections of J.E. Smith Library and Collections of J.E. Smith The library, biological collections, correspondence, archives, and manuscripts of Sir James Edward Smith (1759-1828), cared for by the Society he founded and became first President of in 1788. Use the Library or Visit Us Use the Library or Visit Us Projects and Resources Projects and Resources Through grants and funding, the Society has been able to take on some large projects. These projects include the Smith Correspondence Conservation and Cataloguing project, conservation projects and digitisation projects such as the Linnaean Annotated Library Project and the Wallace Notebook Project. Online Collections Online Collections To provide worldwide access to its priceless collections of specimens, manuscripts, letters and artwork, the Society is constantly adding to its Online Collections. Linnaeus Link Project Linnaeus Link Project Linnaeus Link is a comprehensive, online Union Catalogue of Linnaean publications, facilitating research for scholars worldwide. Conservation Conservation The Linnean Society is privileged to have an in-house Conservation department to help preserve our outstanding collections. Library FAQs Library FAQs Everything you need to know about Library & Archives at a glance. Education Resources Education Resources Welcome to our education page! The Linnean Society of London is the home of Carl Linnaeus in the UK. Find out more about Linnaeus himself, or try some scientific activities. Teachers can find helpful educational resources and students can organise their own debate! Who was Linnaeus? Who was Linnaeus? Who was Linnaeus and what did he do that was so important? Look here for more information about his life, his work and why the study of taxonomy is so important. Kids' Zone Kids' Zone Our Kids' Zone is being developed with some interesting and simple activities in mind. You'll be able to 'Ask Linnaeus' a question about the natural world, or download an activity to do at home. Primary Resources Primary Resources Secondary Resources Secondary Resources Download worksheets and use them as a lesson plan, or have a go at one of our targeted practicals with additional extension activities. Put on your own classroom debate and let us know the winning arguments. And don't forget to have a look at our curriculum-based posters. Student Events and Resources Student Events and Resources At the Linnean Society of London we hold a large part of Carl Linnaeus's collections, including insects, plants, shells and fish. Many of these are types - look here for a breakdown of type definitions, or visit us and be part of our Student Lecture Series. Art in Science Art in Science Visit our 'Art in Science' section to learn more about how these two subjects overlap, why art has historically been important to science and find out about some of the stunning illustrations and artwork in our collections. Lifelong Learning Lifelong Learning Teacher CPD Teacher CPD History of Science History of Science For over two centuries the Linnean Society of London has been a focal point for the discussion of scientific research. Read about a few names that may or may not be familiar to you - even use them as case studies - and find out how they relate to the Society. Careers Database Careers Database An ongoing project, this resource is under construction. We aim to provide a comprehensive database of the career paths of some of our Fellows, to provide inspiration for the next generation of biologists. Educational Tours Educational Tours Come and visit the Linnean Society of London's collections - tour our Library and see the Linnaean specimens. Researchers, scientists, artists, undergraduates and sixth formers reporting on a 'site of biological interest' are all welcome. Glossary Glossary Our Publications Our Publications The Linnean Society's active publishing programme encompasses learned scientific journals - available in print and searchable online formats - the biannual newsletter The Linnean and the quarterly Pulse. Our Journals Our Journals The Linnean Society of London publishes three scientific journals in biology, botany and zoology. The journals cover original scientific papers and studies as well as comments and book reviews. The Linnean The Linnean The Linnean is the Society's biannual newsletter. It provides topical up-dates on recent activities and events, articles on history, science and personalities behind the Linnean Society. Also includes book reviews, reference material and members' correspondence. PuLSe PuLSe Pulse is the Society's quarterly digital magazine for Fellows. Each issue is full of articles, news and updates from the Society. Other Publications Other Publications The Lnnean Society also publishes Books, the Synopsis Series and Special Issues of The Linnean. Find out more about these publications and how to access them here. Linnean Shop Linnean Shop Basket Basket Contact Us Contact Us Find Us Find Us Linnean Society Library Contacts Linnean Society Library Contacts Home Menu Free educational resources available online! Click here to find out more about our free educational activities. We have plenty of resources available for schools and families such as our practical activities ‘Battle of the Beaks’ and ‘Discovering DNA’. We aim to produce activities that can be classroom-based but also show how the knowledge translates to the field. You could also try one of our worksheets, or download a free poster. The Linnaean Manuscripts Online: 16 manuscripts that re-wrote nature. Explore our latest addition to our Online Collections – a database of research and images from the Manuscripts Collection of Carl Linnaeus (1707-1778). Systematics Research Fund - applications now closed. The Councils of the Linnean Society and the Systematics Association jointly administer the SRF fund. This grant supports research in the field of systematics and taxonomy. Applications for this grant are now closed, but to find out some more about the grant then please click here 2014 Spring - Summer Events Programme now online. The Linnean Society holds a variety of events from full-day scientific conferences to free evening talks student lectures. Visit our meetings and event pages to find our full listing of events and tours taking place in January - July 2014. Awards & Grants Find out more Linnean Learning Explore our resources Online Collections Find out more Linnaeus Link Find out more Events Managing Unnatural Histories Antarctica - beauty unsurpassed Pond restoration to conserve biodiversity in agricultural areas Conservation grazing - a universal panacea Linnean Society Treasures Tour March Biodiversity and climate change: connecting the past to the future An unnatural history of the National Trust River and wetland management - unleashing nature Collections-based research in the genomic era The Darwin Initiative: simple formula, amazing impact This Month Linnaeus in Love Find out more February 2014 Flickr Submit your images Twitter Press Officers @UoE_ScienceNews Twitter Follow Check out the BBC's One Show tonight from 7pm to catch @SensoryEcology talking about colour-changing behaviour amongst rockpool creatures Retweeted by The Linnean Society 25 Feb Reply Retweet Favourite Follow us on... Twitter Keep up to date on Twitter View our page on Facebook Flickr View our images on Flickr Home Linnean Sitewide Copyright ©The Linnean Society of London, Burlington House, Piccadilly, London W1J 0BF, UK [ Sign In ] [ Sign Up ] 
 International Society for Diatom Research Home News About Events Membership Publications Documents Links Welcome to the website of the International Society for Diatom Research. Here you will find information about the Society, its ideals, events, history and membership. You will also find links to other diatom resources. Latest News 8th Central Diatom Meeting (10 – 13 April at University of Zagreb, Croatia). Please note deadlines for abstract submission and reduced registration fees for 8th Central Diatom Meeting (10 – 13 April at University of Zagreb, Croatia). Please note important deadlines: Submission of abstracts - 25th January 2014 Reduced registration fees - 1st February 2014   Submission [] More Proceedings of the 21st International Diatom Symposium The Proceedings of the 21st International Diatom Symposium, held in St Paul, Minnesota, August 2010, are now available. The special issue of Phytotaxa (Volume 127 (1): 1-210) can be viewed here: http://www.mapress.com/phytotaxa/content/2013/pt00127.htm More Job Opportunity - Palaeoecology Group, Utrecht University More more more 8th Central Diatom Meeting (10 – 13 April at University of Zagreb, Croatia). Proceedings of the 21st International Diatom Symposium Job Opportunity - Palaeoecology Group, Utrecht University 23rd International Diatom Symposium, Nanjing, China: 7-12th September 2014 British Diatom Meeting October 25th - 27th 2013 Central European Diatom ADLaF joint meetings: 16-20 sept 2013 – registration open Meeting - The Molecular Life of Diatoms, 25 – 28 June 2013, Paris XIII International scientific phycological conference (XIII Diatom School): Borok, Yaroslavl, Russia, 24th - 29th August 2013 January 2014 (1) October 2013 (2) September 2013 (1) March 2013 (1) February 2013 (1) January 2013 (1) November 2012 (3) October 2012 (1) July 2012 (3) April 2012 (1) March 2012 (2) February 2012 (1) January 2012 (2) December 2011 (1) October 2011 (2) July 2011 (1) July 2010 (2) May 2010 (1) January 2010 (2) November 2009 (2) October 2009 (3) September 2009 (1) March 2009 (1) November 2008 (4) May 2008 (1) March 2008 (2) January 2008 (1) October 2007 (2) September 2007 (28) Manage site Login Copyright 2014 International Society for Diatom Research : Webmaster : Contact the Society 
 Biology International issue n°53 News 1: BCGC (Biological Consequences of Global Change) programme new publication News 2: iCCB (integrated Climate Change Biology) programme new publication News 3: Global Green MBA News 4: website International Union of Biological Sciences promoting biological sciences for a better life 
 Human Anatomy & Physiology Society Join / Renew Contact Us Facebook Twitter Pinterest LinkedIn Home HAPS Home Page About HAPS About HAPS Governance History Partner Organizations Contact Us Membership Join HAPS or Renew Membership! Update Profile/Check Membership Status Member Directory Search Communicate HAPS Listserv HAPSblog Log in to e-meetings Conferences Calendar of Events Annual Conference Conference Archive Regional Meetings Meetings of Interest Resources Awards Teaching Resources Publications Committees Grants and Scholarships Careers Continuing Education Institute Home Page Resources Committees Conferences Continuing Education Grants Awards Publications Teaching Resources Learn... Discover... Share with HAPS HAPS is open to anyone interested in Anatomy Physiology Education, and currently includes over 1,700 members from high schools, two and four year colleges, universities, and private businesses in the United States, Canada and throughout the rest of the world From HAPSblog Upcoming Events Spotlight Eastern Regional Conference - March 15, 2014 in Springfield, MA Workshop and Poster Submission for Jacksonville 2014 is open! NEW HAPS Institute Courses! Summer 2013 HAPS-EDucator is here! Find the Histology Challenge here! Contribute to the Annual Campaign! What's New in AP? HAPS Foundation Our Sponsors Careers Contact Us Policies Copyright 2012 HAPS . All rights reserved. 
 Login Register Home My ASBMR | My Community | Member Directory Menu About Us Overview Leadership Committees President's Corner Volunteer Nominations News Releases ASBMR Statements Policies and Procedures Related Links Staff Contact Meetings Annual Meeting Topical Meetings Past Annual Meetings Future Annual Meetings ASBMR Awards Events Calendar Publications JBMR Primer ASBMR e-News Weekly In the Field Contact Grants Funding Opportunities Resources Career Center Job Board Mentor Program Career Advice Education Advocacy Advocacy News Issues Take Action Resources Partnerships Membership Member Benefits Join ASBMR Member Directory Renew Membership Donate to ASBMR Snapshots - The Faces of ASBMR Application deadline is March 19, 2014. Apply today! Register today! Nominate yourself or a colleague for an ASBMR volunteer leadership position by March 19 The go-to resources for scientists and clinicians! ‹ › Journal of Bone and Mineral Research I mpact Factor: 6.128 March 2014 Volume 29 Issue 3 Visit JBMR Online Editor's Choice Juliet E. Compston M.D., FRCP Editor-in-Chief Review: Trabecular Bone Score: A Noninvasive Analytical Method Based Upon the DXA Image Commentary: The Calcium Supplement Controversy: Now What? Original Article: The Effects of 3 Years of Calcium Supplementation on Common Carotid Artery Intimal Medial Thickness and Carotid Atherosclerosis in Older Women: An Ancillary Study of the CAIFOS Randomized Controlled Trial Read More Education Resource Center Webinar Muscle and Bone Interactions New Directions in Therapeutics of Rare Bone Diseases: X-linked Hypophosphatemia (XLH) and Hypophosphatasia (HPP) Webcast Topical Meeting on Bone and Skeletal Muscle Interactions Primer Browse chapter slide sets from the Primer Featured Collection ASBMR 2013 Annual Meeting Webcasts Tweets by @ASBMR Events & Deadlines 2014 Scientific Symposium: Metabolic Origins of Disease March 3 - 5, 2014 2014 Herbert Fleisch Workshop March 16 - 18, 2014 British Endocrine Societies (BES) March 16 - 18, 2014 Bone Research Society Training Course Osteoporosis and Other Metabolic Bone Diseases March 19 - 21, 2014 IBMS Herbert Fleisch Workshop March 24 - 27, 2014 Follow ASBMR Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn RSS JOE LORENZO, SCIENTIFIC WEB EDITOR A Public-Private Partnership for Drug Discovery About Us Overview Leadership Committees President's Corner News Releases ASBMR Statements Policies and Procedures Related Links Staff Contact Meetings Annual Meeting Topical Meetings Past Annual Meetings Future Annual Meetings ASBMR Awards Events Calendar Publications JBMR Primer ASBMR e-NewsWeekly In the Field Contact Grants Funding Opportunities Resources Career Center Job Board Mentor Program Career Advice Education Education Resource Center Advocacy Advocacy News Issues Take Action Resources Partnerships Membership Member Benefits Join ASBMR Member Directory Renew Membership Snapshots - The Faces of ASBMR Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn RSS Phone: +1 (202) 367-1161 Fax: +1 (202) 367-2161 asbmr@asbmr.org 2025 M Street, NW Suite 800 Privacy Policy Refund/Return Policy Linking Policy Disclaimer Support Us Feedback Contact * * * * * * * Thank you 
 Home AboutUs BoardDirectors History CompanyAims Partnerships WorkingBiologists Journals Grants TravellingFellowships AboutFellowships TravellingFAQs Workshops Subscriptions GeneralInformation Agents IndividualsSocieties Institutions Consortia Advertise Advertise CorporateBranding Us Us The Company of Biologists is a not-for-profit publisher and UK charity. Established in 1925, The Company aims to promote research and study across all branches of biology. The Company publishes three internationally renowned, established journals: Development , Journal of Cell Science and The Journal of Experimental Biology , as well as two newer Open Access journals: Disease Models Mechanisms (DMM) and Biology Open (BiO) . The Company of Biologists provides grants and sponsorship to support innovation in all aspects of biological research and also runs a series of progressive, fully funded, scientific workshops. The Company has donated in excess of £7,000,000 to charitable works in the biological sciences. BROWSE JOURNALS COMPANY NEWS http://biologists.com/fellowships.html http://oaspa.org/ Development J. Cell. Sci J. Exp. Biol Dis. Model. Mech. Biology Open THE COMPANY OF BIOLOGISTS LIMITEDRegistered in England and WalesCompany Limited by Guarantee No 514735Registered Charity No 277992 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Copyright and Permissions 
 American Society of Naturalists Search RSS Facebook Twitter A membership society whose goal is to advance and to diffuse knowledge of organic evolution and other broad biological principles so as to enhance the conceptual unification of the biological sciences. Home Announcements Meetings Upcoming Meetings Past Meetings Awards Honorary Lifetime Membership Sewall Wright Award E. O. Wilson Naturalist Award Presidential Award Jasper Loftus-Hills Young Investigator Award The American Naturalist Student Paper Award ASN Student Research Award Ruth Patrick Student Poster Award The American Naturalist Volumes and Issues EBook Forthcoming Papers Submit Manuscript Instructions for Authors About the Journal Membership Become a Member Manage Membership Why I Am a Naturalist Search the Directory Change Directory Information About the ASN About the Society Current Executive Council Current Committees Constitution and Bylaws Current Secretary's Report Current Treasurer's Report Timeline Past Officers of the ASN Past Meetings of the ASN Statement on Evolution and Education Contact ASN Site Map Facebook Twitter Tweets by @ASNAmNat Share this page: Featured Photographs Variation between self- and mutual assessment in animal contests (Photo: Devi Stuart-Fox) Melanin-specific life history strategies (Photo: Pierre-Alain Ravussin) Are species range limits simply niche limits writ large? A review of transplant experiments beyond the range (Photo: Anna Hargreaves) Life-history differences favor evolution of male dimorphism in competitive games (Photo: Isabel Smallegange) Special Announcements 2014 ASN Elections VOTE NOW! Feb 3, 2014 ASN If you are an ASN member, you should have received an email with a link to the voting site. Check out the candidates and vote! View more papers Forthcoming Papers Synthesis: “Are species’ range limits simply niche limits writ large? A review of transplant experiments beyond the range” Dec 16, 2013 Owen AnnaHargreaves, KarenSamis, and ChristopherEckert (Feb2014) Species range limits commonly depend on dispersal, which differs fundamentally between elevational and geographic limits View more announcements Announcements Ruth Patrick Student Poster Award Feb 20, 2014 Student Poster Award--for a student member of the ASN who presents an outstanding poster at the annual meetings of the society. 2014 Graduate Student Travel Grant Jan 9, 2014 The American Society of Naturalists will award $500 each to 15 graduate students to help defray the cost of attending the 2014 meetings in Raleigh, North Carolina. Awards will be chosen from a random drawing of eligible students who apply via the registration form online. To be eligible, student must be a student member of the American Society of Naturalists, must be presenting a paper or poster at the meeting, and must not have received the travel award in the previous year. New ASN Honorary Lifetime Members Nov 19, 2013 The ASN Executive Council is pleased to announce three new Honorary Lifetime Members: Joseph Felsenstein, Richard C. Lewontin, and Jane Lubchenco View more meetings Meetings June 28, 2013 Trish Preliminary program for the January 13-15, 2014 Asilomar Conference is now posted at w3.biosci.utexas.edu/amnatasilomar/program.html See the meeting homepage for more information. View more members Why I Am a Naturalist Stephen B. Heard Aug 20, 2013 I have a natural home in the American Society of Naturalists. Its tag phrase, conceptual unification of the biological sciences, seems to sum up what really interests me about natureand what it means to me to be a naturalist and a Naturalist. Thats probably why, in my 11th year on the editorial board of The American Naturalist , I still get a kick out of reading every submission I handle! University of New Brunswick, Professor ASN member since 1988 Home Announcements Meetings Awards The American Naturalist Membership About the ASN Contact ASN Site Map 2012 American Society of Naturalists; All rights reserved. 
 Home Page | Membership Publishing | News | Contact | GENOMIC-MEDICINE@Stefan-University.edu A Popular Magazine Genomic Medical Physics physics biophysics For Comments webmaster@stefan-university.edu Privacy Statement This Entire Website is Protected by Genomic-Medicine@Stefan-University.edu 
 [ Continue ] 
 Lifescience Alley email sign-up maps directions contact us Forgot your Password? Create Account Membership Application Renew Membership industry leaders , education and networking opportunities, insights into current trends, regulations, research and emerging technologies, and the power of a legislative voice Join Job Board Browse current job postings or post job listings where everyone can find it in a few easy steps. Find an Event February 2014 S M T W T F S 26 27 28 29 30 31 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Advanced Search Purchase Access Login to View Attend The Collaborative Medtech Event on February 27 Where Minnesotas Strengths Opp... Read More Home About Us Programs Events Membership Advocacy Job Board News & Issues Contact Us Privacy Policy Disclaimer Larsen 
 Username: Password: Remember me Join Forgot Home About IBS Definition of Biometrics Regions Governance Committees News Releases Career Center Honors and Awards Related Organizations Contact Us History R. A. Fisher Biometric Bulletin Archives Meetings Meetings Calendar International Biometric Conferences Officer Visitation Program Travel Grant Application Membership Member Benefits Join IBS Publications Biometrics Biometric Bulletin JABES JSTOR Prose Editing Project Advertising Education Donate The XXVIth International Biometric Conference (IBC2012) won JNTO International Congress Bid and Host Contribution Award 2013 `International Congress Host Division’ It has been over one year and three months already since IBC2012was successfully held in Kobe, Japan, August 26-31, 2012. Recently, IBC2012 won JNTO International Congress Bid and Host Contribution Award 2013 `International Congress Host Division’. This award is designated to be given to International Congresses that are held in Japan [...] IBC2014 We are pleased to announce that the Italian Region will host the XXVII International Biometric Conference (IBC) in 2014 in Florence, Italy. The conference will be held July 5-11th. Please see this flyer The venue details are below: Firenze Fiera S.p.A. Piazza Adua, 1 50123 Florence, Italy www.firenzefiera.it News The Spanish Region of the International Biometric Society is proud to announce the Satellite meeting of the IBC conference 2014. This Satellite meeting will be held in downtown Valencia (Spain) from July 13th to 15th 2014. The main topic will be Spatio-Temporal Statistics and in addition to invited speakers (Renato Assuncao, Annibale Biggeri, Janine Illian, Miguel-Ángel Martínez-Beneito, Raquel Menezes, Marc [...] News The Travel Awards Program, made available through the support of IBS Regions, provides assistance to members from developing countries to attend the International Biometric Conference. In recent years, the awards program has become quite competitive. In 2012, IBS distributed $30,000 to 10 successful candidates for attendance at the IBC in Kobe, Japan. The recipients of the travel award receive money [...] News Hendriek was appointed by the IBS Representative Council to fill the vacancy on the IBS Executive Board. She has replaced James Carpenter as a Director since he recently started his term as Secretary-Treasurer in January. Hendriek will serve until 31 December 2016. Hendriek Boshuizen is senior statistician at the National Institute of Public Health and the Environment. She has been [...] Uncategorized Register Now! Five Short Course proposals have been selected for presentation just before the International Biometric Conference (IBC) begins. These short courses will take place on Sunday, July 6, 2014. There are four all-day courses (9:00 AM – 4:00 PM) and one half-day course (9:00 AM – 12:30 PM). These courses are taught by experienced professionals who are experts in [...] Uncategorized Authors whose native language is other than English and who are not fluent in written English may find themselves at a distinct disadvantage since most major science and policy journals require that manuscripts be submitted in English.  To assist IBS members who don’t have ready access to colleagues who can assist them with their English language prose, the Prose Editing [...] International Regions Biometric Journals Follow Us On: LinkedIn Twitter Facebook The International Biometric Society Tel: ++202-712-9049 Email: ibs@biometricsociety.org Polls Will you be attending IBC2014 in Italy? Yes No View Results Loading ... Home About IBS Featured Meetings Events Join Advertise Contact Us Copyright/Privacy Policy Donate 2010 All rights reserved. Copyright/Privacy Policy | Web Design by The YGS group 
 Logo Startseite Die SGA Geschichte Arbeitsgruppen Mitgliedervorteile Vorstand Statuten Ehrenmitglieder Sponsoren Aktuelles Termine Posterpreise Aktivitäten Archiv Kontakt Kontaktformular Impressum Links Aktuelle Seite: Startseite Login | Registrieren Benutzername Passwort Passwort merken Passwort vergessen? Benutzername vergessen? Details Was ist Aerobiologie? Die Aerobiologie untersucht Partikel mit biologischem Ursprung, die in der Atmosphäre zu finden sind – Pollen, Pilzsporen, Bakterien, Algen und andere – ihre Quellen, ihre Ausbreitung und Interaktion mit nicht-organischen Partikeln sowie ihre Auswirkungen auf den Menschen. Wer ist die SGA? Die SGA ist ein unabhängiger, gesamtschweizerischer Verein mit Aktivitäten auf dem Gebiet der Aerobiologie und wurde 1993 auf Basis der Schweizerischen Arbeitsgruppe für Aerobiologie gegründet. Der Verein setzt sich aus Mitgliedern aus dem medizinischen (Ärzte, Pharmazeuten, Epidemiologen) und naturwissenschaftlichen Bereich (Biologen, Meteorologen, Agronomen, etc.) sowie der Industrie (Pharmazie, Extrakthersteller) zusammen. Details I n Partnerschaft mit der Schweizerischen Gesellschaft für Aerobiologie und MeteoSchweiz haben aha! Allergiezentrum Schweiz und CK-CARE Davos ein elektronisches Symptomtagebuch entwickelt. mehr 87.36 KB Sie finden die Links zu den Apps für Smartphones auf www.pollenundallergie.ch und www.aha.ch (Rubrik „Leben mit Allergie / Apps") Details 20.03.2014 in Davos Aerobiologie Session von 16:15 – 17:15 Uhr Stadtbäume als Allergenquellen: Kriterien und Bepflanzungsalternativen Axel Fischer, Geschäftsleitung Grün Stadt Zürich/Leiter Geschäftsbereich Pollenprognose: Modellierung, Interpretation und praktische Anwendung Dr. Andreas Pauling, Biometeorologe MeteoSchweiz e-symptoms: elektronisches Symptomtagebuch in der Praxis Sereina Maibach, Projektleitung und Beratung, Fachdienstleistungen aha! Allergiezentrum Schweiz Hier gehts zum vollständigen Programm Details Die SGA möchte den wissenschaftlichen Nachwuchs in der Aerobiologie gezielt fördern und hat als erste Massnahmen einen jährlichen Posterpreis von sFr 1000.- für herausragende Forschungsergebnisse auf dem Gebiet der Aerobiologie gestiftet, der erstmals am Jahreskongress der Schweizerischen Gesellschaft für Allergologie und Immunologie SGAI 2013 vergeben wurde 2014 Posterpreis : Jahreskongress der Schweizerischen Gesellschaft für Allergologie und Immunologie SGAI (20.-21. März) in Davos mehr ♦♦♦ 2013 SGA-Posterpreis erhielt Prof. Dr. Jeroen Buters aus München: Das biologische Exposom in Davos und München J.T.M. Buters, G. Pusch, I. Weichenmeier, D. Kupresanin, R. Gehrig, H. Behrendt (Munich, DE) Details Glücksfall oder Bedrohung? Mehr erfahren Sie hier: aha! Allergiezentrum Schweiz . Neue Beiträge 2011 - 2014 aerobiologie 
 Learn more about People Leadership Staff Our Membership Contact Us Programs BioScience Public Policy Education Peer Review ActionBioscience.org Events Participate Join Get Involved Donate What's New Members Access Benefits Read BioScience Update My Info Renew Membership Connect Subscribe to our e-newsletter: Join Get Involved Support About Newsroom Contact Us AIBS builds community in support of researchers, educators, and scientists who understand the importance of sharing biological discovery and knowledge. In creating EDUCATION RESOURCES , monitoring PUBLIC POLICY , providing PEER REVIEW of scientific applications, programs, and scientific literature, PUBLISHING timely biological sciences information, and implementing dynamic PUBLIC OUTREACH PROGRAMS , we are ensuring the future of the biological sciences. Publications Public Policy Education Peer Review Public Programs Membership BioScience Current Issue Member Access ActionBioscience.org Featured: Ethical Issues in Genetic Engineering and Transgenics AB.org en español ¿Polución Lumínica? Ushering for Success Members of biology departments and laboratories, synthesis centers, and other places that host biological research might be puzzled by the suggestion that they become "ushers." To help people to their seats in a darkened lecture hall? To call for quiet during an argument? No: What Amy K. Wolfe and her colleagues at Oak Ridge National Laboratory mean by "usher" is to actively guide research projects toward real-world application. Read more.... Science Policy and Media Training Initiatives Issues We Follow: Position Statements AIBS advocates for public policy and legislative action that is based upon quality science. The AIBS Legislative Action Center enables biologists and science educators to quickly and effectively communicate with their elected officials. The bimonthly public policy report keeps you up to date on important policy issues. AIBS helps other scientific societies reach their public policy goals. News from Dec 02, 2013 2nd Life Discovery-Doing Science Education Conference - Call for Proposals PULSE: Vision & Change Certification Program Pilot - Call for Applications AIBS Education is dedicated to improving biological science literacy at all levels of formal and informal education. The AIBS Education office: Provides resources and professional development opportunities . Collaborates on programs that support teachers of introductory biology. Shares information about education programs, events, and meetings. AIBS Scientific Peer Advisory & Review Services (SPARS) helps organizations invest their research dollars effectively by identifying promising research to support. AIBS SPARS excels at: Facilitating impartial review of research proposals and ongoing programs that focus on medicine, advanced technologies, biotechnology, and wildlife and environmental concerns. Providing logistical support for meetings of all sizes. Assisting clients in achieving research results through on-site program reviews and establishing monitoring oversight of ongoing scientific research programs. AIBS develops and implements innovative programs that connect science to the public and that encourage a true appreciation of the value of the biological sciences to society. The Coalition on the Public Understanding of Science (COPUS) launched a redesign of their website. Check out COPUS' new look and see how you can get involved in the community. Since 2004, AIBS has published ActionBioScience.org , a free public web site making information about biological research accessible to everyone. Member Hotlinks Online Access to BioScience Renew my membership Update my contact information In addition to providing you with a subscription to BioScience , your membership in AIBS directly supports collective activities that serve the biological sciences. We invite you to join this dynamic community of individuals and scientific organizations in support of the AIBS mission. To apply to become a member, choose from the following: Individual Membership Application Organization Membership Application Biologists Applaud President for Statement on Science Read the AIBS Public Policy Office 2013 Annual Report Coalition Weighs in on Draft NSF Reauthorization Bill Participate in the Biological and Ecological Sciences Congressional Visits Day Winners Selected in 2013 Faces of Biology Photo Contest 2014 American Institute of Biological Sciences. All rights reserved. American Institute of Biological Sciences 1900 Campus Commons Drive, Suite 200 Reston, VA 20191 Phone: (703) 674-2500 FAX: (703) 674-2509 
