 Community Care Social Work News Social Care Jobs Loading Navigation Home Adults Children Mental Health Workforce Care Work Student Zone Unison Workplace Zone Research Legal Social care leaders Jobs Jobs by email Adults Children Families Learning disabilities Mental health Care work Advertise a job Events Community Care Live 2014 Your Say CareSpace Blogs Inform Tenders Advertise with us Privacy You are in: Home Top Story Death of 18-year-old in failing NHS learning disability unit was preventable, finds inquiry 18-year-old Connor Sparrowhawk died in bath at unit run by Southern Health NHS Trust following significant failures in his care All News Spotlight Why social workers should care about growth of harmful drinking among older people The rise in alcohol-related deaths among the over 75s demonstrates why social services should take problem drinking among older people more seriously, says Blair Mcpherson Adults Inspectors to examine Deprivation of Liberty Safeguards for human rights breaches Death of 18-year-old in failing NHS learning disability unit was preventable, finds inquiry Palliative care social work has much to offer the rest of the profession, says sector leader Children Childrens homes leaders demand inspection reforms s social care innovation will not bring benefits the sector urgently needs Childrens minister: Why we must change outdated practice model of social care Workforce âI was told I wouldnât have time for reflective practice when I qualified as a social workerâ MSP demands national debate on social care in Scotland after survey exposes poor conditions for staff Is enough attention given to caseloads, supervision and management during fitness to practise hearings? Mental health We need to innovate to reduce the pressure on mental health teams: NHS England QA Mentally unwell children sent hundreds of miles for care amid bed shortage Mental health deal will end â variations in crisis care, claim ministers Your Say Why social workers should care about growth of harmful drinking among older people âCuts to early intervention underpin these childrens mental health care failingsâ There is much to welcome in Nareys review, but lets hope the next one is led by social workers Events Implementing the Mental Capacity Act and Deprivation of Liberties Safeguards Planning for Successful Ofsted Inspections Systemic approaches to support fostering services Community Care Live 2014 Inform Guide to housing benefit Working with families from faith communities Find out more about Community Care Inform Elsewhere on the web Elsewhere on the web I grew up in poverty. So I know for a fact that the scars left on children do not easily heal - The Independent Scandal of Europe's 11m empty homes - The Guardian Suicide 'generation' fears for middle aged men You might have missed Job prospects for newly qualified social workers Social work job hunting guide Social Work Careers Guide: The Midlands Devon 48 hours on the social work frontline Sponsored feature Who makes sure that children get the best? Sponsored feature HCL Social Care launching an innovative recruitment partnership with Hertfordshire County Council Sponsored feature Were making Worcestershire a great place to be a social worker Sponsored feature Delivering great care when young people need it most Research Advocacy at risk of cuts due to lack of evidence on benefits, finds study Legal Care minister paves way for independent appeals against council social care decisions Care Work MSP demands national debate on social care in Scotland after survey exposes poor conditions for staff London boroughs must up social care pay says London Assembly Council rapped after social workers moved man to cheaper care home contrary to assessment recommendations Most read Frontline practitioners support Narey plan to split social work degree, Community Care poll shows Mentally unwell children sent hundreds of miles for care amid bed shortage Police force suspends Twitter account of award-winning blogger Mental Health Cop Social care leaders Social workers need power of entry to make a good piece of legislation better Review tells Birmingham: Stop blaming social workers What future for personalisation? 10 items for your reading list Poll Was the government right to conduct separate reviews of social work education for adult and children's social work? Yes No View Results Loading ... Frontline First social work e-book launched Join the community Facebook Twitter Linked In Â  Google+ Â  E-newsletters Job of the week Housing Support Co-Ordinator (Part-time job-share) London Adults Children Workforce Care Work Legal Research Social care leaders Unison Workplace Zone Inform Mental Health Your Say CareSpace Jobs Search Jobs Sign up for Jobs by Email Create a JobSeeker account Advertise a job Events About us Contact Us Privacy and cookies Terms & Conditions Disclaimer E-newsletters About us Contact Us Disclaimer Terms & Conditions Privacy and cookies ÂŠ 2014 Reed Business Information Ltd cookies page . Search Search terms need to be more than 3 characters and only contain letters, numbers and spaces A A+ A++ This website uses cookies Sign up Home People Older people Advice on dementia, housing, mental health and dignity. People with physical or sensory impairments Guidance for those who work with people with physical disabilities. People with learning disabilities Working with people who have learning disabilities and their carers. People with mental health problems Supporting people with mental health problems. Carers Providing care for a relative, friend or neighbour. Children and young people Supporting and informing those who work with children and their families. Parents and families Integrated working with families across children's and adults' services... Seldom-heard groups Helping seldom-heard groups to access services. Care needs Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder Exploring the nature and diagnosis of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), and related disorders. Autism Implications of personalisation for people with autistic spectrum conditions and the services they use. Dementia Supporting people with dementia, their carers and care professionals. Eating and nutritional care Meeting the nutritional needs of people who have social care support. End of life care Supporting the development of services that provide end-of-life care Health needs Focusing on people who have health as well as social care needs. Learning disabilities Guidance for those who work with people with learning disabilities. Looked after and adopted children and young people Guidance for people working with care-experienced children and young people. Mental capacity Publications and films that support the implementation of the Mental Capacity Act. Mental health Specific ways to help parents, working-age adults, older people and minority groups Physical or sensory impairments Guidance for professionals who work with adults and children with physical disabilities. Care services Carers' support Exploring the role of carers and how services can support them. Safeguarding adults and children Resources, training and access to accredited case reviewers Equipment and telecare The use of equipment and telecare in social care, plus ethical issues. Home care Advice for providers of care to people who live in their own homes. End of life care Supporting the development of services that provide end of life care Housing needs How housing can affect the quality of life of adults and children. Looked-after children Guidance for people working with looked-after children and young people. Prevention and reablement How prevention and early intervention can support independence and wellbeing. Residential or nursing care Information, including training materials, for providers of residential and nursing care. Adult safeguarding Resources, including Social Care TV films, about supporting people who are at risk Shared Lives Information about Shared Lives schemes where carers offer support in their own homes. Key issues Access to services Guidance for local authorities on assessing people's needs for social care support. Safeguarding adults Resources, including Social Care TV films, about supporting people who are at risk Commissioning Working in partnership to commission personalised care and support services. Equality and discrimination Promoting equality and avoiding discrimination in the social care sector. Innovation Cost-effective ways of working that improve life for people who use services. Excellence Resources that look at what we mean by 'excellence' in social care and how to achieve it. Integration Promoting closer working between health and social care. Dignity in care Why dignity is so important and how it can be achieved Isolation Reaching and supporting socially isolated groups. Managing knowledge Supporting knowledge management and the development of the social care knowledge base. Mental capacity Publications and films that support the implementation of the Mental Capacity Act. Co-production and participation Involving people who use services and carers Partnerships Ways of working with other people and organisations to improve service provision. Paying for services Paying people who use services for their involvement in developing social care services. Policy Resources that support SCIE's work in policy implementation and development. Personalisation Resources for professionals, carers and people using services on implications of personalisation, including personal budgets. Productivity and efficiency Resources focusing on research into the impact of personalisation on care service productivity and efficiency. Developing skills and services Training and consultancy Training and consultancy solutions to help care providers and commissioners implement good practice. Social work Supporting social workers to practice with confidence. Frontline practice Good practice for social care workers. Management and leadership Good leadership and management are essential for better outcomes for people who use services. Commissioning Working in partnership to commission personalised care and support services. Educators and trainers Supporting social work educators and trainers in developing frameworks for teaching and learning. Managing knowledge and research Research to support evidence-based practice. Co-production and Participation Guidance and resources to help promote service user and carer involvement. Learning Together SCIE training, mentoring and support on safeguarding reviews and audits in adults' and children's services Social Care Research Ethics Committee The Social Care REC reviews adult social care research study proposals from researchers based in England. Sustainable social care Encouraging commissioners to promote sustainable development across the social care sector. Social Care TV An online service for everyone involved in the social care and social work sector. eLearning resources Using audio, video and interactive technology. Social Care Online UK's most complete range of information and research on all aspects of social care. Get Connected Enabling providers of care for adults in England to access ICT more effectively. Social Care Institute for Excellence (SCIE) We have a wide range of services available to you on this site including: SCIE's Dementia Gateway Co-production Integrated care Child protection Dementia Gateway relaunched New content and structure; for anyone who wants to understand dementia better Find out more What it is and how to do it New approaches to working with people who use services and carers Find out more Joint working A new virtual planner that helps organisations, and multi-agency teams, to work together View the new integration resource Learning together to safeguard children Presenting a 'systems' model of organisational learning that can be used across agencies Find out more News and events Vacancy: Director, Business Development & Delivery Added: 24 February 2014 What is the Dementia Gateway? Film Added: 20 February 2014 Mental health crisis care: SCIE bulletin Added: 20 February 2013 Social work education review: SCIE response Added: 13 February 2013 more news Mental Capacity Act Social Care TV more services SCIE opinion Why equality is so vital to social care and co-production By SCIEs Michael Turner more SCIE opinion Learning together Training on the SCIE systems approach protecting adults and children using our model of organisational learning. NICE Collaborating Centre for Social Care Social care quality standards developing social care guidance for NICE, who will use the guidance as a basis for its quality standards. Find Me Good Care Advice and information on choosing care advice and information on planning and choosing care. Partnership projects Charity No. 1092778 Follow SCIE SCIE resources Social Care TV eLearning SCIE guides Dementia Gateway Social Care Online Social Care Research Ethics Committee All SCIE resources Using the site Help using the website Terms and conditions Cookies About SCIE About us Contact us News Events Opportunities at SCIE NICE Collaborating Centre for Social Care Share this page Social Care Institute for Excellence. All rights reserved Back to top arrow Respond Website Freephone helpline number 0808 808 0700 ( details ) Home Whoare Whatdo Watch,Learn Shop Donate here This is another example of a HTML This is yet another example of a HTML Winterbourne View Helpline & Services Continuing to support those affected and challenge the conditions that caused the abuse Young Peoples Therapy Service Treatment models catering for abused, abuser and those that are both. Watch, Listen & Learn Join us for the 2014 IPD Conference Events Get your tickets for an evening of beautiful classical music. March 29th 730pm at St. Clement Danes Church, London. Circles of Support and Accountability Make a referral or volunteer to join a community based project aimed at preventing childhood abuse Adult Services A range of Services aimed at helping adults with learning difficulties. Work for us New role within our growing COSA project!! here to find out more. 0200700 Facebook Feedback Sitemap | www.FluidSurveys.com 0207 383 0700 Email: admin@respond.org.uk online . Please click here sswr@travelink.com dj@sswr.org . ** *** *** l About SSWR Board l Bylaws Membership l Resources Conferences l Awards Members Only l Home Voice: 703-352-SSWR (7797) Fax: e-mail: info@sswr.org [ Courses Taught Research Interests | | Contact Information ] COURSES TAUGHT RESEARCH INTERESTS SELECTED RECENT PUBLICATIONS Research Instruments General Publications ąi Ľü˛yľĽ(1999)ĄAĄmŹĄ°Ęľ{§ÇĄG­pšşĄB°őŚćŠMľűĹ˛ĄnĄC­ť´äĄG­ť´äŤ°ĽŤ¤jžÇĽXŞŠŞŔĄC ąiĽü˛y(1999)ĄAĄmąĐ¨ŕŚł¤čĄGŤÄ¤l¤éą`ŚćŹ°°ÝĂDŞşłB˛zĄnĄG­ť´äĄG¤ŃŚašĎŽŃĄC Rese ąiĽü˛yľĽ (2008)ĄG ĄmŽvĽÍ¤Wşôˇ§ŞpĄn˝ŐŹdłř§i ĄC­ť´äšqĽxšqľřłĄ ąiĽü˛y (2006) ĄG ĄmŽaŽxŠMżÓ˝ŐŹdĄnłř§i ĄC­ť´äšqĽxšqľřłĄ Recent Refereed Academic Publications Research on Social Work Practice, 12 , 490-501 . (12), 85-96. 295-308 . Hong Kong Journal of Social Work, 34 . Click here for the scale 413-422 . Psychologia, 43 . Click here for the scale , 42-57. (3/4), 37-52. Psychological Reports, 85 Click here for the scale Psychologia, 42 , 16-27. CONTACT INFORMATION s.k.cheung@cityu.edu.hk Phone: (852) 2788 7152 Fax: (852) 2788 7709 Address: Kowloon Tong, Hong Kong Search About Us Advertise Subscribe Now Menu Articles Ethics Field Placement Tech Practice Careers Education Credentials Reviews Commentary News Linda's Agenda Extras Video Audio Blog Magazine Digital Edition Print Edition Subscribe Jobs Grad School Products Services Social Work Books Nonprofit Books Gifts Events Black History Month: The Staggering Talents of Bayard Rustin Bayard Rustin's skills as an organizer, planner, and leader were highly valued by prominent leaders in the Civil Rights Movement; yet, Rustin was relegated to the background during the Movement. He was a gay man, which he guarded from public scrutiny more Decathexis - Audio Excerpt on End of Life Decathexis is a short story about a moment between a social worker and a client at the end of life. Audio excerpt from Beginnings, Middles, Ends, read by author Ogden Rogers. more Poetry: Labels and Dreams A poem and video by social worker Laura McBride, on test anxiety, labels, and dreams of a social worker. more What Every New Social Worker Needs To Know About DSM-5 There are a lot of changes in the Fifth Edition of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM-5) that have social workers talking. Some of the revisions are seen as positive. Several are raising concern more What Do I Do When I Fail the Social Work Exam? Social workers who fail the licensing examination often seek information on how to improve their scores. Prior to retaking any exam, three specific issues must be addressed. These are: more 2014 Reader Survey The New Social Worker is conducting a reader survey. Please help us plan for future issues of the magazine! more Features Publisher's Thoughts - Winter 2014 Thoughts from publisher/editor Linda May Grobman for the Winter 2014 issue of THE NEW SOCIAL WORKER magazine. more Linda May Grobman in Linda's Agenda 2013 Social Work Graduate Slide Show This slideshow features social workers who graduated in 2013. Congratulations, grads! more in Education Credentials ( 1 Comments ) Social Workers in Action January 2014 Slide Show The New Social Worker magazine features social workers and social work students in action in a slideshow. more in Practice ( 1 Comments ) Ethics in Private Practice The NASW Code of Ethics does not mention private practice, per se...it does not specifically condone or support private practice, and it does not reject or warn against private practice. It does, however, include a number of relevant ethical standard more Allan Barsky in Ethics Whos, Whats, and Hows of Being a Successful Social Work Field Supervisor The first day of field can bring anxiety and excitement. You may ask yourself a lot of questions. Am I cut out for this? How do I make a good first impression? How can I define my role? Do I have enough experience and knowledge to be a supervisor? more in Field Placement ( 2 Comments ) Web Exclusive: Physician Assisted Suicide, Death, Dying in Social Work Physician assisted suicide, euthanasia, and dying with dignity are three related phrases. The terminology used is different depending on where one lives. more in Practice ( 3 Comments ) Social Workers as Mandated Reporters: Do I Have To Be Sure? As a mandated reporter, the law requires that you make a report as soon as you have REASONABLE SUSPICION (or reasonable cause to suspect/believe) that child abuse or neglect is occurring or is about to occur. But what does reasonable suspicion mean, more Kathryn Krase in Practice Why Develop a Culturally Sensitive Approach to Social Work With African American Clients? Growing up in a household with Afro-Caribbean parents, I was brought up to neither share confidences nor admit emotional pain to outsiders. The personal disclosure and behavioral changes that therapists typically suggest were often embarrassing more in Practice Media Multi-Tasking and the Learning/Developing Child In todayâs digital age, multiple streams of competing information are exchanged rapidly through communication technology that has become more affordable, accessible, and available than ever before. Recent studies have shown that while the number of more in Practice Social Work's Watershed Moment: The Social Work Reinvestment Act (SWRA) Social work is facing its watershed momentâthe crucial turning point that will define our future. Six years ago, the Social Work Reinvestment Act (SWRA) was brought before Capitol Hill in an attempt to promote the need for social workers, and to more in Practice ( 1 Comments ) Martin Luther King, Jr. photographed by Marion S. Trikosko, 1964. LC-DIG-ppmsc-01269 Audio Feature: Merely a Man A poem about Martin Luther King, Jr., by social worker Mozart Guerrier. more in Audio ( 1 Comments ) Using Digital Self-Advocacy to Empower Social Work Populations Advocacy is at the foundation of social work practice. One of the differentiating premises between social work and other fields of human services is the underlying need to work toward equality and social justice for every population. Traditional more Ellen Belluomini in Tech Single Adoptive Dads in Film In my experience, single prospective adoptive fathers are viewed with much more suspicion than prospective adoptive couples or single prospective adoptive mothers. Maybe this resonates with youâbut why? Maybe this surprises you, but againâwhy? more Addison Cooper in Reviews Commentary What I Learned in Miss Martha's Preschool Looking back now, I realize that Miss Martha taught me most of what is important to know in life, and as a social worker. Iâd like to share her lessons with you, in case you, like me, didnât pay close enough attention back then. more in Practice Book Review: School Social Work: A Direct Practice Guide Book review of School Social Work: A Direct Practice Guide more in Reviews Commentary ( 1 Comments ) Book Review: Handbook of Military Social Work Book Review of Handbook of Military Social Work more in Reviews Commentary Book Review: Mindfulness-Oriented Recovery Enhancement for Addiction, Stress, and Pain Book review of Mindfulness-Oriented Recovery Enhancement for Addiction, Stress, and Pain more in Reviews Commentary Book Review: Exploiting Childhood Book review of Exploiting Childhood: How Fast Food, Material Obsession and Porn Culture are Creating New Forms of Child Abuse more in Reviews Commentary Book Review: Witness to Resilience Book review of Witness to Resilience: Stories of Intimate Violence more in Reviews Commentary 2014 Social Work New Year's Resolutions The New Social Worker magazine asked social workers to share their new year's resolutions for 2014. more Linda May Grobman in Practice ( 1 Comments ) Recent News Views Linda's Agenda On Becoming Your Best Ira Glass on the creative process and becoming the best you can be. more Social Work News January is National Blood Donor Month Blood donation saves lives. January is National Blood Donor Month. more Social Work News Shippensburg University Social Work Students Target Community for Macro Change Practice with Organizations and Communities, a macro practice class referred to as â? is generally regarded as the climax of the social work studentâs college career and requires students to identify a social justice issue and work toward change. more Social Work News Dancing Butter Cows, Milkshakes, and Social Work: PA NASW Goes to the Farm Show One might not expect to find social work represented amidst butter sculptures and displays of leather boots, but when it comes to the Pennsylvania Farm Show, this is exactly where you will find the PA Chapter of the National Association of Social more Linda's Agenda Publisher's Thoughts - Winter 2014 Thoughts from publisher/editor Linda May Grobman for the Winter 2014 issue of THE NEW SOCIAL WORKER magazine. more Current Issue Visit Our Advertisers American Professional Agency Child Welfare Information Gateway Erikson MSW Program Licensure Exams Inc. Luis Baudry-Simon translation services Montclair State University PhD in Family Studies NASW Assurance Services Temple University Harrisburg University of Louisville Purchase all 4 issues from 2013 in one bound volume. Readers React Excellent summary of this unethical research and social injustice. Dr. V | The Tuskegee Syphilis Study and Its Implications for the 21st Century Thank you for sharing a different perspective on American Cultural norms i realtion to advocating f... Des | Field Placement: What Students Need From Their Field Supervisors: A Student's Perspective As a social work in the field of substance abuse I can say that we face the daunting challenge of a... David MIranda, LMSW | The Great Divide: A Growing Disconnect (Response to the DSM-5) Absolutely a great article! Absolutely a great article! I see this every day on the adolescent mental health unit! Give them me... Donna M Bassano MSW, LSW | The Great Divide: A Growing Disconnect (Response to the DSM-5) Check these out... Phi Alpha Social Work Honor Society Social Justice Solutions Join our mailing lists to subscribe to our free e-newsletter and e-magazine! Amazon.com Widgets Featured Jobs at Join Us On Facebook Tweets by @newsocialworker Social Work Happenings Education Learning Association of Baccalaureate Social Work Program Directors 2014 Conference Mar 19, 2014 - Mar 23, 2014 Louisville Marriott Downtown Education Learning 1st Annual Social Work Month Conference Mar 26, 2014 North Carolina Central University Education Learning The 6th National Biennial Conference on Adolescents and Adults with Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorder Apr 9, 2014 - Apr 12, 2014 The Hyatt Regency Search Events Submit Yours Articles Ethics Field Placement Tech Practice Careers Education Credentials Reviews Commentary News Linda's Agenda Extras Video Audio Blog Magazine Digital Edition Print Edition Subscribe Jobs Grad School Products Services Social Work Books Nonprofit Books Gifts Events About Us Advertise Writers' Guidelines Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright 2014 White Hat Communications. All rights reserved. Please contact the publisher for permission to reproduce or reprint any materials on this site. Metro Publisher Browse Categories AODA Alcohol Drugs Treatment Other Computers Internet Other Disabilities Blindness Cancer Deafness Other , , Other County Government State Other Psychology Sociology Other , Psychopathology Psychopharmacology Other , , Other Bisexual Gay Lesbian Other Adoption Other , Psychotherapy Other Education Training Universities Other Entertainment , Other BSW MSW Other , , Other , Other Methods Statistics Other Violence , Treatment Other HERE ! Adding your website listing to the Social Work Search database is FREE! Social Work Search also offers free Resume and Job posting tools at Social Work Job Search . Social Work Search is also home to the Social Work Webring ! The Social Work Webring is a membership based online community of commonly linked Social Work and related field websites. If you are the owner of a Social Work or related field website you can become a member of the Social Work Webring by clicking HERE ! We are always looking for new ways to service the Social Work and related professions. If you have any questions or comments about our services please contact us by clicking HERE Get Your Degree! Find schools and get information on the program thats right for you. Powered by Campus Explorer Social Work Search does not necessarily endorse the following products and/or services. Read disclaimer. Payday Loan Advances bigcashadvance.com Advertise Your Non-Social Work Website Here (Approval Required)! Previous | Home | Join | Random | Next Advertisements Advertise Your Social Work Related Website Here! Read disclaimer. Find Social Work & Related Field Jobs In Your Area! | Alabama | Alaska | Arizona | Arkansas | California | Colorado | Connecticut | Delaware | Florida | Georgia | Hawaii | Idaho | Illinois | | Indiana | Iowa | Kansas | Kentucky | Louisiana | Maine | Maryland | Massachusetts | Michigan | Minnesota | Mississippi | Missouri | | Montana | Nebraska | Nevada | New Hampshire | New Jersey | New Mexico | New York | North Carolina | North Dakota | Ohio | | Oklahoma | Oregon | Pennsylvania | Rhode Island | South Carolina | South Dakota | Tennessee | Texas | Utah | Vermont | Virginia | | Washington | West Virginia | Wisconsin | Wyoming | Home About Us Articles and Archive Subscription Editorial Board Submitting Reviewing Advertising Newsletter Events Contact Us Call for Papers Recruitment Latest News Welcome to Child Care in Practice Welcome to the web site of Child Care in Practice. We have developed this site with the ambition of providing an information resource not only about this unique publication but also to pass on and share information between all disciplines involved in the provision of children's services. If there is anything that you would like to see featured on the site please let us know. This journal will be of interest to anyone involved in: Social Care Health Care Education Juvenile Justice Child and Adolescent Psychiatry Strategic Aims and Objectives To develop the knowledge base of practitioners, managers and other professionals responsible for the delivery of professional child care services. The journal seeks to contribute to the achievement of quality services and the promotion of the highest standards. To seek to achieve an equity of input from all disciplines working with children. The multi-disciplinary nature of the journal reflects that the key to many successful outcomes in the child care field lies in the close co-operation between different disciplines. To raise awareness of often-neglected issues such as marginalization of ethnic minorities and problems consequent upon by poverty and disability. To keep abreast of and continue to influence child care practice in response to Children's legislation. To include the views of those who are in receipt of multi-disciplinary child care services. Child Care in Practice is a Routledge journal - Click here to go to the Routledge website Child Care in Practice 6 College Park Belfast BT7 1LP Tel: 0044 (0) 28 90975912 Email: childcareinpractice@qub.ac.uk Child Care in Practice 2012 2011 2010 Public Service Announcement: Louisiana 2-1-1 Publications Acadiana Resources - ! Inclusion Criteria EmploymentOpportunities Email us Radio Frequency System Accommodations for Pets 2-1-1 Information and Referral and 232-HELP. About Us and IR Acadiana Resources Publications Bulletin Board - A life saving program sponsored by 232-HELP/211, Lafayette General Medical Center , Cajun Area Agency on Aging . in Louisiana to utilize 2-1-1 in nation to utilize 2-1-1 Our Webmaster 232-HELP / Louisiana 211 7-1-1 or help @232- help .org Welcome to Practice Notes Current Issue Past Issues Vol. 17, No. 2: Trauma-Informed Child Welfare Practice Vol. 17, No. 1: Prescription Drugs and Child Welfare Practice Vol. 16, No. 3: Achieving Permanence through Adoption Vol. 16, No. 2: Strengthening Child Protective Services Intake Vol. 16, No. 1: Engaging and Supporting Relative Caregivers Vol. 15, No. 3: Striving for Excellence in Supervision Vol. 15, No. 2: Being a Wise Consumer of Services for Families Vol. 15, No. 1: Increasing Our Focus on Visits Vol. 14, No. 3: Child Welfare's Response to Diversity Vol. 14, No. 2: Child Welfare Practice and Data: Making the Connection Vol. 14, No. 1: Accomplishments and Continuing Challenges Vol. 13, No. 3: Finding Families for Children in Foster Care Vol. 13, No. 2: Supervisors and the Future of Child Welfare Vol. 13, No. 1: Enhancing Child and Family Team Meetings Vol. 12, No. 4: Child Welfare, Juvenile Justice, and the Courts Vol. 12, No. 3: Child Welfare Practice in Rural North Carolina Vol. 12, No. 2: Update on Foster Care in North Carolina Vol. 12, No. 1: Child Welfare Worker Retention Vol. 11, No. 4: Promoting School Success for Children Involved with the Child Welfare System Vol. 11, No. 3: Outcomes and Child Welfare Vol. 11, No. 2: Working with American Indian Families Vol. 11, No. 1: Father Involvement in Child Welfare Vol. 10, No. 3: Posttraumatic Stress Disorder Vol. 10, No. 2: Meth and Family-Centered Child Welfare Practice Vol. 10, No. 1: Supporting Adoptive Families Vol. 9, No. 4: Data and Child Welfare Practice Vol. 5, No. 1: Child Welfare and Family Support Vol. 4, No. 4: Substance Abuse in Child Welfare Vol. 4, No. 3: Turnover in Child Welfare Vol. 4, No. 2: Mental Health Issues in Child Welfare Vol. 4, No. 1: Cultural Competency in Child Welfare Vol. 3, No. 2: A Look at Safety in Social Work Vol. 2, No. 4: Separation and Attachment Vol. 2, No. 2: Helping Children with Special Needs Vol. 2, No. 1: Neglect - Search for Interventions Vol. 1, No. 3: Prevention in Child Welfare Vol. 1, No. 2: Kinship Care and Permanency Planning Vol. 1, No. 1: Teen Pregnancy Sponsors Children's Services Practice Notes . JordanFamilies Practice Notes Staff Editorial Staff and Contributors to Practice Notes Related Newsletters Views on Foster Care and Adoption in North Carolina , North Carolina's Child Welfare Training Newsletter We welcome your feedback. If you would like to comment about something that appears in this publication, please do so! Address your comments to: John McMahon, Children's Services Practice Notes , UNCChapel Hill School of Social, CB# 3550, Chapel Hill, NC 27599-3550, e-mail: jdmcmaho@unc.edu. . Home About The Site NASW Hollywood Connection Research Round Up Media Watch Expert Interviews Cheers and Jeers Feedback Prev | Next 0 ) Actress Amy Smart says there will be lots of drama, shooting and love Allison , Amy Smart , FX , Help Starts Here , Justified , National Association of Social Workers , social worker 0 ) The Deadline for Nominations is February 15 magazines , Movies , NASW Media Awards , National Association of Social Workers , news , social workers , television 12 ) As reality TV program examines the first hours of murder investigations AE , Ashley Qualls , National Association of Social Workers , New Orleans , safety , social worker , The First 48 , Times-Picayune 0 ) Actor, comedian talks to SocialWorkersSpeak.org in National Adoption Month Feature adoption , Alec Mapa , Help Starts Here , Jamison Herbert , National Adoption Month , National Association of Social Workers , RaiseAChild.US , social workers , Zion Recent Features 0 ) Social worker Stacey Peyer says viewers may be able to separate fact, fiction Help Starts Here , Michael Harney , National Association of Social Workers , Netflix , Orange is the New Black , Sam Healy , social worker , Stacey Peyer 0 ) Social Workers play key role in Who Cares About Kelsey? Dan Habib , Help Starts Here , National Association of Social Workers , pbs , social workers , Who Cares About Kelsey? 0 ) NASW is co-sponsor of annual awards show addiction , Destin Cretton , Geoffrey Rivas , mental health , National Association of Social Workers , Rob Woronoff , SAMHSA , social workers , Voice Awards Media Watch Did you see or read something on the news that made you proud to be a social worker? Or did it concern you? Social Workers Speak wants you to share your opinion ! Tell us what you saw or read and the media outlet where it was featured. We also need to know your name, email address, and whether you are a social worker. Recent Postings from Media Watch Expert Interviews How to be alone on the holidays Social work expert LeslieBeth Wish talks to U.S. News and World Report Spate of killings are a reminder home is not safe Social worker Tricia Bent-Goodley says domestic violence more common than you think Hope for people suffering from complicated grief Researchers have begun to develop treatment for this mental disorder NASW Policy Statements Social Work Speaks, Ninth Edition presents, in one comprehensive and unabridged collection, the policy statements adopted by the NASW Delegate Assembly in 2011. Social Work Speaks is an unrivaled reference tool that represents the collective thinking of thousands of experienced social work practitioners from all fields of practice. Click here for more information and to order your copy. Advertisement Hollywood Connections Movie to Watch: Sweet Dreams Film showing in November in New York City, Los Angeles ( 0 ) Using Film as a Social Work Tool MSW students Cory Gordons short movie touts program for people who are homeless in Alaska ( 0 ) Short Term 12 offers glimpse into world of foster children Director Destin Cretton: Social workers some of the bravest, most caring people he has met ( 0 ) NASW asks for larger role for The Fosters social worker CEO Angelo McClain sends letter to ABC Family ( 0 ) MOVIES | | Research Round Up Study of single mothers shows need for full Affordable Care Act funding Many working mothers go without health insurance for long periods ( 0 ) Social Worker concerned PMDD in women could be overdiagnosed Disabling emotional symptoms plague some women around menstruation ( 0 ) Children who are spanked act more aggressively Columbia School of Social Work did study ( 0 ) Cheers and Jeers Cheers Social Worker Advocated for POW Husband ( 0 ) Why social work is good career choice for college students ( 0 ) Messengers to Heaven ( 0 ) Jeers Case of Ohio sex offender underscores need for title protection ( 0 ) Social Workers Concerned by Wording of Loyola Press Release ( 0 ) Ohio reporter says his newspaper will continue to misuse social work title ( 6 ) Tags abuse addiction adoption bullying California cancer child abuse children domestic violence elderly foster care gay grief Help Starts Here homeless homelessness Huffington Post LGBT mental health military National Association of Social Workers New York Times poverty school of social work schools social work social worker social workers suicide veterans Social Workers Speak WordPress Mimbo Terms and conditions . Blog Entries Comments Share this page X facebook twitter friendfeed digg technorati yahoobuzz email News Items February 21, 2014 News Items February 18, 2014 News Items February 11, 2014 News Items February 4, 2014 News Items January 28, 2014 Health Wellness Cancer Death And Dying Disabilities Family Genetics Healthy Lifestyles HIV/AIDS Living With Illness Pain Kids Families Adoptions and Foster Care Early Childhood Development Family Safety Healthy Parenting Schools and Communities Veterans Affairs Youth Development Mind Spirit Addictions Anxiety Attention Deficit and Hyperactivity Disorder Depression Eating Disorders Grief And Loss Obsessions And Compulsions Relationships Schizophrenia Stress Management Suicide Prevention Seniors Aging Advance Care Planning Alzheimers Disease/Dementia Caregiving Lifespan Planning Residential Long-Term Care Vital Aging About Find A Social Worker Parenting Techniques for Teaching Empathy to... December 18, 2012 Resiliency and Hurricane Sandy Victims: QA... November 1, 2012 Weight Bullying: Body Image QA with Judith... October 9, 2012 July 24, 2012 Attention Deficit Disorder Versus Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder QA With William Shryer, LCSW, BCD Read more February 14, 2013 Health Reform Tips for Consumers The Health Reform law is important to the health and well-being of all Americans. This law is also called the Affordable Care Act. Here are some of... Read more November 29, 2012 Reparative Therapy QA With Dr. Michael Ian Rothenberg, LCSW Read more July 17, 2012 Teaching Kids Conflict Resolution Read more July 9, 2012 Strategies to Help Sarcastic Kids Read more July 6, 2012 Veterans Affairs Current Trends Read more July 6, 2012 Training Social Workers to Help LGBT Military Service Members: QA with Michael Ian Rothenberg, PhD, LCSW Read more June 25, 2012 La Pedofilia y el Caso Sandusky: P y R Con el Terapista de Florida Michael Ian Rothenberg, PhD, LCSW Read more View more posts Featured Categories ArtĂ­culos en espaĂąol Resources Advertisement Search Search for: Categories Select Category About About Social Workers Misc. Docs pride-celebration-2009 ArtĂ­culos en espaĂąol Featured Posts Health And Wellness Cancer Death And Dying Disabilities Family Genetics Healthy Lifestyles HIV/AIDS Living With Illness Pain Kids And Families Adoptions and Foster Care Early Childhood Development Family Safety Healthy Parenting Schools and Communities Veterans Affairs Youth Development Landing Page Mind And Spirit Addictions Anxiety Attention Deficit and Hyperactivity Disorder Depression Eating Disorders Grief And Loss Obsessions And Compulsions Relationships Schizophrenia Stress Management Suicide Prevention Resources Seniors And Aging Advance Care Planning Alzheimers Disease/Dementia Caregiving Lifespan Planning Residential Long-Term Care Vital Aging National Association of Social Workers socialworkers.org Contact Helpstartshere.org Find A Social Worker ÂŠ Copyright 2014 National Association of Social Workers. All rights reserved. IndependentÂ SocialÂ WorkÂ  andÂ FamilyÂ MediationÂ Services Wecome Â  Please browse our website to find out who we are, what we do and how we do it. Â  What makes us different Â  For more information and detailsÂ  about Creative Outcomes What we offer Social work Â  Find out more information about our Independent Social Work Services Family mediation Â  Find out more about our Family Mediation Servicesďťż Who we are Our family mediation associates Find out more about our mediators Â  Our social work associates Find out more about our social workersďťż Home Legal Notice About Creative Outcomes Independent Social Work Family Mediation Services News views Contact us Find us Links Contact us to arrange a meeting Freephone: 08000 988 668 Mobile: 0778 9203 778 E-mail: info@creative-outcomes.co.uk Or use our contact form . Stay informed New websiteÂ  Challenge to Family Justice Reforms Â  For more news, click here Sitemap Logout Edit page Social Work News Tuesday, February 25th, 2014 Search: Categories Loading... Languages Deutsch Espaol Franais Locations Loading... Sources Loading... Links Social Work Help Social Work World OneFathersLove.com Planet Social Work SWIP - Social Work Interntional Platform Feed The Grid - Alternative and Renewable Energy News Work From Home GradSchools.com Previous | Home | Join | Random | Next Top Story FROZEN WATER PIPE HAMPERS LAKEVIEW PANTRY 20 hours ago he first sign of trouble was when employees arrived at Lakeview Pantry on the morning of Feb. 5 and turned on water. Nothing came out. Five days later, a crew from the city's Department of Water Management found that the water line to the ... Live.com News General Social Work News 'Time to step in now': schoolgirls ask for FGM education - video 2 hours ago School and college students tell education secretary why he is right to 'step in now' and start teaching FGM in UK schools to safeguard childrenSymeon BrownMaggie O'KaneMary Carson Guardian Unlimited News Education Children and Parenting Michael Gove agrees to write to schools over female genital mutilation 2 hours ago Education secretary meets campaigner Fahma Mohamed after Guardian-backed petition attracted nearly 250,000 signaturesMichael Gove has agreed to write to all schools about female genital mutilation, after a Guardian-backed petition urging the education secretary to take action attracted nearly 250,00[...] Guardian Unlimited News Health Children and Parenting Charities and Volunteerism Education Health and Care Womens Issues Uganda donors cut aid after president passes anti-gay law 2 hours ago Norway and Denmark cut aid, while others including US review budgets over law imposing harsh penalties for homosexualityOnce regarded as an example of enlightened African leadership, Uganda's president, Yoweri Museveni, is currently something of an international pariah. His decision to sign a bill i[...] Guardian Unlimited News Minorities and Immigration Criminal Justice Womens Issues Language checks on EU doctors heading to Britain expected by June 3 hours ago Changes by General Medical Council mean medics from EU will have to prove proficiency in English before treating patientsNew language checks on EU doctors coming to work in Britain are expected to begin in June, with the medics having to prove their proficiency in English before treating patients.Th[...] Guardian Unlimited News Health and Care Tory MP in benefits fraud inquiry says it is 'horror story at hands of police' 3 hours ago Peter Bone waiting to hear whether he will be prosecuted over public money funding residential care of mother-in-lawA Conservative MP whose family is at the centre of a criminal investigation as part of a ÂŁ100,000 benefits fraud inquiry has issued a statement claiming that he and his wife had endur[...] Guardian Unlimited News Children and Parenting Health and Care Gerontology Criminal Justice Dakar Rally team founder is held after 1.4 tonnes of cocaine is seized in France 3 hours ago David Oliveras is detained at home in Barcelona as cocaine is found in tyres of one of Epsilon Team's trucksThe owner and co-founder of a Spanish Dakar Rally team is in custody in Madrid after French authorities discovered about 1.4 tonnes of cocaine hidden in a truck belonging to the team on its re[...] Guardian Unlimited News Criminal Justice Pancreatic cancer charity's ad could face investigation after 118 complaints 3 hours ago ASA considering action on controversial campaign that showed real patients wishing they had another form of the diseaseA controversial advert by a pancreatic cancer charity that showed patients wishing they had less a deadly form of the disease could face an investigation after receiving more than 1[...] Guardian Unlimited News Charities Health Charities and Volunteerism Health PIE, the NCCL and Harriet Harman: why she was right not to apologise | Zoe Williams 3 hours ago The Daily Mail's attempt to destroy the deputy Labour leader's reputation is McCarthyiteWhen Harriet Harman was due to appear on Newsnight to rebut the Daily Mail's claims that she supported paedophiles at the start of her career, I thought she would put this poisonous story to rest. Instead, the po[...] Guardian Unlimited News Children and Parenting Health and Care Criminal Justic Appearance of polio-like disease in California's children perplexes doctors 3 hours ago No links established between cases in emergence of cluster of cases of polio-like disease that appears to cause paralysisDoctors are perplexed by the emergence of a cluster of cases of polio-like disease in children in California who appear to have suffered paralysis in one or more limbs.Up to 20 su[...] Guardian Unlimited News Health Children and Parenting Education Health and Care Rare, polio-like disease afflicting California kids mystifies health officials 3 hours ago Public health officials havenât identified polio-like disease thatâs affected more than a dozen California children Guardian Unlimited News Health Children and Parenting Health and Care White House and USDA propose rules for free lunches and ad limits in schools 4 hours ago Backed by major soft drink makers, Michelle Obamaâs Letâs Move program would implement new rules for marketing in schools Guardian Unlimited News Health Education Uganda: how campaigners are preparing to counter the anti-gay bill 5 hours ago LGBT campaigners and development agencies tell us what their next steps are after President Yoweri Museveni signs anti-homosexuality billEarlier this week president of Uganda, Yoweri Museveni, did what LGBT rights campaigners, HIV/Aids workers and human rights organisations feared for years: passed [...] Guardian Unlimited News Why the LRB should stop cooking up excuses over lack of women reviewers 5 hours ago US editors have taken on board shocking statistics on gender inequality in the literary press. So why are UK publications, such as the London Review of Books, complacent?A week after publishing 'The Public Voice of Women', Mary Beard's lecture on the silencing of women throughout history, the London[...] Guardian Unlimited News Children and Parenting Womens Issues One in four Afghans has lost someone to violence in past year, says charity 5 hours ago Dangerous lack of respect for neutrality of healthcare providers by all sides is costing lives, says MĂŠdicins Sans FrontiĂ¨resConflict has become so widespread in Afghanistan that one in four people have lost a relative or close friend to violence over the last year, a leading medical charity said.[...] Guardian Unlimited News Health Charities and Volunteerism Housing and Poverty Education Health and Care Harriet Harman tweets Daily Mail website picture of girl aged 12 in bikini 5 hours ago Deputy Labour leader hits back against newspaper's claims she had links to paedophile group in 1970sHarriet Harman has stepped up her criticism of the Daily Mail by tweeting pictures of its website showing a 12-year-old girl in a bikini, after the newspaper alleged she had links to a paedophile lobb[...] Guardian Unlimited News Children Children and Parenting Education Healt Cuts could make services more user friendly, says Labour 5 hours ago Shadow Treasury secretary Chris Leslie says councils will be empowered to pool budgets to 'declutter' public servicesA Labour government will have to find unpopular "cashable'' savings and empower councils to pool budgets and integrate in an attempt to declutter public services, shadow chief secreta[...] Guardian Unlimited News Housing and Poverty Health and Care Gerontology Criminal Justice We need a two-tier welfare system, with payments linked to contributions made | Duncan O'Leary 5 hours ago The benefits system should do more to reward behaviour most people want to see: work, saving and honesty about financial circumstancesBritain's welfare system is not good at insuring people against loss of income. During the recession, many people were shocked to learn that, despite having worked fo[...] Guardian Unlimited News Housing and Poverty Benefit cuts explicitly linked to mental health problems | Dominic Smith 6 hours ago Oxfordshire Mind receives six-figure sum from the Big Lottery fund to deal with fallout from welfare reformsMartin Precious, 60, was a hairdresser at a high-end London salon with celebrity clients until severe depression forced him to give up his job. After trying to manage his illness for five year[...] Guardian Unlimited News Charities Health Charities and Volunteerism Housing and Poverty Health and Care Mental Health Disabilities Criminal Ju Trial begins for Michigan couple challenging state's gay marriage ban 6 hours ago Federal district judge will decide if Michigan has legitimate interest in restricting marriage to a man and a woman Guardian Unlimited News Criminal Justice Fried and grilled meat may raise risk of diabetes and dementia 7 hours ago Study suggests changes in cooking habits might reduce levels of glycotoxins and help prevent diabetes and dementiaToxic chemicals found at high concentrations in fried and grilled meats may raise the risk of diabetes and dementia, researchers say.US scientists found that rodents raised on a Western-[...] Guardian Unlimited News Health Education Health and Care New record lows in teen pregnancy rate 7 hours ago 2012 had an estimated 27.9 conceptions per thousand women aged 15-17 in England and Wales, which beats 2011 to become the lowest rate for over forty years George Arnett Guardian Unlimited News Poverty Womens Issues Harman v Daily Mail: claims and counterclaims over NCCL's link to PIE 7 hours ago Row between Harriet Harman, Jack Dromey and the Daily Mail over NCCL's connection to paedophile lobbyists deconstructedHere are the claims and counterclaims in the row between Labour's deputy leader, Harriet Harman, her husband, Jack Dromey, and Patricia Hewitt over the involvement of the National C[...] Guardian Unlimited News Children Children and Parenting Education Gerontology Criminal Justice STATE HOUSE: Truthful Tuesday activists protest rejection of Medicaid expansion under the Affordable Care Act 10 hours ago About 20 protesters held a "Truthful Tuesday" demonstration outside the state Senate chambers today, holding signs that said "Shame" and saying the same to lawmakers entering the chamber. The group was protesting the state's ... The Greenville News via Live.com News General Social Work Health and Care Government Policy Clooney: New Lost Boys of South Sudan 10 hours ago founder of the Enough Project, together created the Satellite Sentinel Project. The answer will determine the fate of millions of South Sudanese children. George Clooney, co via Live.com News General Social Work Sister Simone Campbell, top 'Nun on the Bus,' to speak in metro Detroit Wednesday 10 hours ago ister Simone Campbell, the nun who began the Nuns on the Bus tour and leads the NETWORK social services organization that drew the ire of Vatican watchdogs, will be speaking in Detroit and at Oakland University on Wednesday to highlight how ... Live.com News General Social Work Education 1 | 2 Latest Blog U.S. Reps say more public policy social workers needed 1 day ago By Paul R. Pace, News staff Two members of Congress who are also social workers emphasized the need for more social workers in politics at a Public Policy Roundtable discussion in Washington, D.C., in December. U.S. Reps. Kyrsten Sinema, D-Ariz., and Carol Shea-Porter, D-N.H., spoke to social work l[...] helpstartshere Blog More Blogs Struggle to keep Social Security funded continues 5 days ago By Paul R. Pace, News staff Social workers and Social Security have a rich history together, explains NASW-New Hampshire Executive Director Stephen Gorin, and he urges social workers to continue this history by advocating for the Social Security program, which is facing possible government cutbacks.[...] helpstartshere Blog Join Us Network with 2,000 Colleagues 6 days ago Network with 2,000 colleagues Take advantage of early bird registration Connect with experts in the field Be inspired and gain new skills at innovative workshops Hear from nationally recognized experts in ethical practice and evidence-based practice Earn up to 25 CEUs LEARN MORE AND REGISTER Join us[...] helpstartshere Blog International NASW District helps those working abroad 1 week ago By Rena Malai, News staff NASW members who are thinking of moving abroad and taking their social work skills with them can maintain their U.S. social worker status and remain connected to membership through the NASW-NC Chapter International District. The International District replaces the NASW Inte[...] helpstartshere Blog NASW Calls on Senate to Confirm Debo Adegbile as Assistant Attorney General 1 week ago The U.S. Senate will soon decide whether to confirm Debo Adegbile to serve as assistant attoney general in charge of the Department of JusticeÂ Civil Rights Division. The National Association of Social Workers (NASW) is one 75 organizations that signed a letter toÂ Senate leadership urging confirmat[...] helpstartshere Blog About Us SocialWorkNews.net checks dozens of news feeds every two minutes. We automatically categorize, locate and link social work related news stories to ensure you are able to get to the information you need. If you have any questions, comments or suggestions, please use the Contact Us form to the right. We are located in here Contact Us Name: Email: Topic: Comment: Home Page Services Events Recommended Reading Contact Us Â Â Nurtured Heart Path Â Â Guiding families, Individuals and organizations toward success At The Nurtured Heart Path, Annie Lange provides counseling, consultation, parent coaching and training to individuals, families, agencies and school systems throughout Michigan. She specializes in working with both adults and children, m any of whom are challenged with ADD, ADHD, ODD, substance abuse, depression, anxiety, relationship and adoption issues. Annie believes that every individual is unique and gifted, yet is often faced with intense challenges. Using the Nurtured Heart Approach and Mindfulness Principles as a foundation, Annie helps children, adults, parents and teachers tap into their wisdom and innate health to create success in everyday life. Annie will introduce to you and instill in you an approach that will have profound and lasting effects on the nurturing relationship with yourself, your children, and your working relations. Â Â Â  "The Presenter makes you want to implement this approach in your life!" Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  --Supporting Families with Young Children Conference attendee, Traverse City, MI Â Â Â  "What did I like most about the program? Â Annie's enthusiasm! Â She is amazing at what she does!" Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  -- Michigan State University Continuing Education Program attendee, East Lansing MI â˘ Parent Coaching â˘ Individual Coaching â˘ Therapeutic GroupsÂ â˘ Educational SeminarsÂ â˘ Counseling ServicesÂ  â˘ â˘ In-Service Training â˘ SeminarsÂ â˘ On-site Consultation â˘ Conference ServicesÂ  â˘ Nurtured Heart Path 2487 S. Michigan Road Eaton Rapids, MI 48827 annie@nurturedheartpath.com (517) 719-1523 . Nurtured Heart Path. All rights reserved. Our website has moved, Please see below! Home PLEASE VISIT OUR NEW WEBSITE http://elatownship.org/ title Click to add text, images, and other content Main Office: 1155 East Route 22, Lake Zurich, Illinois 60047 at Telephone #847-540-8380 Š2009 Create a Free Website Search mail@jennygilmore.com.au Home Counselling Consultancy Supervision Training Research Publications Resources Contact Wise Words Waking up this morning, I smile. Twenty-four brand new hours are before me. I vow to live fully in each moment and to look at all beings with eyes of compassion Â Thich Nhat Hanh View full post Recommendations The Elders:Â I encourage you all to check out the web site of this wonderful group calledÂ The Elders. They are a group of prominent world leaders who have decided to use their political power for change in some of the most critical areas of the world. New InternationalistÂ is a monthly journal / magazine that covers interesting View full post News: Trauma Resources I am often asked about resources and training in the area of trauma so I have decided to add some of my suggestions here. Firstly let me commend the organisation,Adults Surviving Child Abuse, for the development of theirÂ Practice Guidelines for Treatment of Complex Trauma and Trauma Informed Care. If you are interested in dowloading these View full post Wise Words Recommendations News: Trauma Resources Welcome to my website and thanks for taking the time to have a look around. I hope that you find some information that is relevant to you and also some discussion that interests you. My hope is that my web page can provide an opportunity to share a little about my work and the issues that interest me. I also hope that it provides an avenue to establish contact with others who might be interested in similar issues or who are seeking some of the services I am offering. I am a Social Worker having trained at the University of Queensland, School of Social Work and Social Policy, graduating in 1986. Since graduation Iâve worked as a Youth Worker; Coordinator of several community based services in the areas of youth accommodation, eating issues, and domestic violence; as a Rehabilitation Counsellor; as a Lecturer in Social Work and Social Policy at the University of Queensland; and more recently, in my own business as a Counsellor and Consultant. As you will see from the menu bar above, there are several different aspects to my private practice. I work primarily as a Counsellor with adults and young people and whilst I have a general private practice I tend to specialise in work with those who have experienced trauma in their lives. I also provide a range of Consultancy services including professional supervision for individuals and teams and a wide range of services to organisations including planning, facilitation, service evaluations, etc. I very much enjoy providing training to other professional workers in the field and I deliver training programs across a range of areas. In addition to my private practice I am actively involved in researching and writing about social issues. I am currently completing a book about working with survivors of childhood trauma and the strategies and skills we might use to work in this area. I am also working on a book about the relationship between subjectivity and social change which is an adaption of my PhD thesis. My latest and most exciting project is the establishment of a new web based discussion group and publishing house called WITADA which is an acronym for What I Think And Dream About. I hope that WITADA will be an inspirational site where people who are serious about social change can come together to develop and discuss their ideas and create effective strategies for social action and change. We hope to launch WITADA in July this year and I will make regular posts about our progress here. In both my private practice and my research my overall aim is the same â to explore ways of creating a more peaceful and equitable world. I am particularly interested in the dynamics of social change, or more particularly, in the forces that inhibit positive change in our own lives and socially / globally. This is the focus of my practice and my writing and I look forward to sharing more of these ideas with you all in the coming times. Thanks and I hope you enjoy having a look around. Jenny Search Recent Posts Wise Words Recommendations News: Trauma Resources Torture by Alice Walker Defunding of Queensland Community Sector Recent Comments Categories Featured General Inspirational Social Work Archives April 2013 October 2012 May 2011 February 2011 May 2010 Copyright ÂŠ 2013 Jenny Gilmore. Return to top WordPress and the Graphene Theme . Resources Support Coordiators Waiver Providers Waiver Info Group Homes Waiver Websites Aaron Nangle PHONE: Developmental Disabilities Resources For Providers Caregivers (727) 841-8943 Support Coordinators Medicaid Waiver Providers Support Coordinators & Providers Chat Families Self Advocates Always Welcome Independent Voices Sparkles Tells The World How It Feels To Have a Voice.  Foaming At The Mind Life Legacy Documentaries Support Coordinators Providers Resources Just A Few of Our Sponsors Chicago Photography Special Gatherings Vote for this Site Social Work Search Engine Designed By Clear Choice Web Solutions Inc. HOME C.V. GRANTS PUBLICATIONS SERVICES LINKS www.MichalGW.com Research Interests: Social Policy www.MichalGW.com E-MAIL 
