 Ene Reaction Heck Reaction 

 Musk Odorants Miscellaneous 1 2 and Pickenhagen 3 12-19 and 4 5 For a simple video depiction see at NBCLearn. 6 7 8 9 n 10 assignments of R S 11 and ( which is free Cambridegsoft's ( which is free Pro Cambridegsoft's References: Perfumer Flavorist 2. G. Ohloff, Scent and Fragrances 4. Stereochemistry of Carbon Compounds 5. Stereochemistry of Organic Compounds 6. J.H. van't Hoff, , 23, 295 (1875) 7. J.A. Le Bel, Bull. soc. chim. France Societe Chimique de Paris 9. A. Kekule, Ann ., 106, 154 (1858) Tetrahedron , 1, 119 (1961) Two "chiral" forms GO TO Musk Odorants Miscellaneous Lactones Musk Odorants Miscellaneous HOME 
 combichemlab.com Menu Skip to content Home Search for: Welcome Welcome to CombiChemLab.com! Sadly theres not much to see right now. Â The old site was out of date and in desperate need of new content, so the site has been parked. We appreciate your patience while the new and improved site is built. If youd like to be notified when the new site is up or talk to Dr. Morales about Drug Discovery, Molecular Modeling, Medicinal Chemistry, or Scientific Business Development consulting please use the contact form on the right. Search for: Recent Comments Archives Categories No categories Proudly powered by WordPress 
 The Chemistry of "Things Jamaican" . More What goes in to Jerk Pork? The best in the world!! The Chemistry of dyes Herbal remedies. 'borrowed' 'borrowed' Created and maintained by 

 Organic Chemistry Portal The Organic Chemistry Portal Archive: 2014 , 2013 , 2012 , 2011 , 2010 , 2009 , 2008 , 2007 2006 2005 2004 Product of the Month Organic Reactions Find the most important name reactions synthetic transformations Abstracts Abstracts Chemicals A searchable index of more than 1 million chemicals and reducing agents . Chemistry Tools Molecular Properties Estimation Chemistry Books Recent Review Total Synthesis of Natural Products: At the Frontiers of Organic Chemistry Resources Imprint Contact Advertisement Opportunities Copyright (c) 2002-2012 Partner Web Sites Chemistry Links Site Search all words Main Categories Organic Reactions Org. Chem. Highlights Abstracts Chemicals Chemistry Tools Chemistry Books Job Market 
 ABOUT ARKAT USA ARKIVOC JOURNAL SEARCH ARKIVOC CONFERENCES FLOHET/OTHERS MONTHLY NEWSLETTER CONTACT US Browse ARKIVOC Submit Your Paper Buy ARKIVOC About ARKIVOC Instructions: Papers, Accounts, Reviews Templates: Papers Accounts, Reviews Graphical Abstract Members: Control Board Honorary Advisory Board Editorial Board of Referees Honorees Facilitators Commemorative Issues: Aims and Procedures Regional Issues: Aims and Procedures BROWSE ARKIVOC Current Volume Volume 2014 Past Volumes Volume 2013 Volume 2012 Volume 2011 Volume 2010 Volume 2009 Volume 2008 Volume 2007 Volume 2006 Volume 2005 Volume 2004 Volume 2003 Volume 2002 Volume 2001 Volume 2000 Future Volumes Volume 2015 
 ORGLIST was discontinued A new mailing list is maintained by Dr. Yuri Binev at http://new.orglist.net Orglist Archive The Organic Chemistry Mailing List More Info 1997 - 2010 Archive: All messages posted to the list are archived . 2007 ORGLIST Symposium Computers at the Frontiers of Organic Chemistry List coordinator: Departamento de Química Faculdade de Ciências e Tecnologia, Universidade Nova de Lisboa 2829-516 Caparica, Portugal ORGLIST costs shared by 
 Education Chemistry Search Chem 101 Science Projects Science Fair Organic Chemistry Organic chemistry is the chemistry of carbon and life. Organic chemistry lectures, notes, structures, and labs are included. Journals & Publications (7) Lab Techniques Lecture Notes & Labs (28) Named Reactions (41) Organic Chemistry Glossary (637) Organic Compounds (28) Organic Chemistry Introduction Organic chemistry is more than simply the study of carbon or the study of chemicals in living organisms. Take a look at what organic chemistry is, why it is important, and what organic chemists do. Organic Chemist Career Profile This is an organic chemist job profile. Learn about what organic chemists do, where organic chemists work, the type of person who enjoys organic chemistry and what it takes to become an organic chemist. Organic Chemistry Glossary This is an organic chemistry glossary. Look up definitions of common and important organic chemistry terms. Elements in the Human Body Find out what elements are in the human body and what these elements do. 10 Carbon Facts Learn some interesting facts about carbon, the element that is the basis for organic chemistry. Functional Groups Functional groups are groups of atoms found within molecules that are involved in the chemical reactions characteristic of those molecules. Functional groups can pertain to any molecules, but you will usually hear about them in the context of organic chemistry. Chiral Compounds Chiral compounds exhibit a handedness or orientation so that although the molecules are identical with respect to their chemical formulas, they are very different chemical species. Here is a look at what chiral compounds are, plus examples of chiral compounds. Organic Compounds This is an alphabetical list of organic compound names and formulas. Drug Photo Gallery See the molecular structures of common drugs, including drugs of abuse. Photos of the drugs themselves are also included. Functional Groups - Organic Chemistry Essentials These are the names and structures of important organic functional groups containing nitrogen or oxygen. Learn 'em, live 'em, love 'em! Chemical Structures Archive Many organic structures, including amino acids and rings, are listed in this directory, with more added all of the time. Amino Acid Structures These are the structures for the twenty natural amino acids, plus the general structure for an amino acid. Biodiesel from Vegetable Oil Tutorial As the price of diesel continues to climb, you may wish to consider making your own diesel from cooking oil, called biodiesel. It's easy and could save you money. Chemistry Laboratory Safety Rules Make your chemistry laboratory experience safe by following these simple rules. Carbohydrates Carbohydrates or saccharides are the most abundant class of biomolecules. Carbohydrates are used to store energy, though they serve other important functions as well. This is an overview of carbohydrate chemistry, including a look at the types of carbohydrates, their functions, and carbohydrate classification. Carbon Cycle Carbon is an element that is essential for life. The carbon cycle describes the storage and exchange of carbon between the Earth's biosphere, atmosphere, hydrosphere, and geosphere. Caffeine Chemistry Learn about the chemical and biological properties of caffeine, the methylxanthine stimulant found in coffee and other foods. Citric Acid Cycle The citric acid cycle, also known as the Krebs cycle or tricarboxylic acid (TCA) cycle, is a series of chemical reactions in the cell that breaks down food molecules into carbon dioxide, water, and energy. Glycolysis Glycolysis is the name given to the series of biochemical reactions in which glucose is converted into pyruvate. This important part of carbohydrate catabolism takes place in the cytoplasm of cells. Several reactions take place, with products that are vital to the functioning of the cell. How to Make Aspirin - Acetylsalicylic Acid Learn how to synthesize aspirin, acetylsalicylic acid, from salicyclic acid. Get information about the history of aspirin, the effects of salicylates, and see the structures of the reactants. Lipids Lipids are class of naturally-occurring organic compounds that you may know by their common names: fats and oils. Here's a look at the function, structure, and physical properties of lipids. Nucleic Acid Facts If you're taking general chemistry, organic, or biochemistry, you'll need to understand some basic concepts about nucleic acids, the polymers used to code the genetic information of organisms. Here are some quick nucleic acid facts to get you started. Photosynthesis Basics - Study Guide Photosynthesis is the name for the set of chemical reactions used by plants and other organisms to make food from sunlight, carbon dioxide, and water. Here's a look at the process and study questions to help make sure you understand the key concepts. Steroid Molecular Structures See the molecular structures of steroids. Vitamin Chemical Structures This is a collection of molecular structures of the vitamins. Simple Hydrocarbon Chain Quiz Can you identify the simple hydrocarbon chains based on the chemical structure? Here's a multiple choice quiz you can take to test yourself. Geometric Isomerism Have you ever wondered what cis- or trans- means in a chemical name? cis- and trans- are a naming convention called geometric isomerism to describe the arrangement of atoms in stereoisomers. Proteins - What Are Proteins? This is an introduction to proteins, a large class of biological molecules. Ipso, Meso, and Peri Substitutions in Organic Chemistry Learn what ipso, meso, and peri prefixes are in organic chemistry and see an example of these substitutions. 10 Examples of Carbohydrates Get examples of carbohydrates, learn what carbohydrates are, and find out how they are used by organisms. Common Organic Functional Groups Many organic chemistry molecules contain groups of atoms known as functional groups. This short list contains many of the most common organic functional groups. Free Chemistry Newsletter! Sign Up Discuss in my forum Explore Chemistry Must Reads Periodic Table of the Elements Chemistry Glossary Worked Chemistry Problems 6 Steps of Scientific Method Printable Worksheets Most Popular What Are Olympic Medals Made Of? Science Quiz - Test Your General Science... Can You Substitute Baking Soda for Baking Powder? How to Use a Periodic Table So ... Are the Olympic Gold Medals Real Gold? Free Chemistry Newsletter! Sign Up By Category General Chemistry Tests and Quizzes Demos / Experiments Grow Crystals Chemistry for Kids Periodic Table - Elements Homework Help Molecules and Compounds Everyday Chemistry Toxic Chemicals/Safety Chemistry Lab Science Fair Projects Careers and Education Chemistry Facts Chemistry Disciplines Chemistry About.com Education Chemistry Chemistry Disciplines Organic Chemistry Advertise on About.com Our Story News SiteMap All Topics Reprints Help Write for About Careers at About User Agreement Ethics Policy Patent Info. Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices and Cookie Policy 2014 About.com. All rights reserved. 
 American Chemical Society Division of Organic Chemistry Organic Division Home Page About Us Frequently Asked Questions ChemLuminary Awards Executive Committee Bylaws Strategic Plan Archives/History Membership Benefits Join the Organic Division Key Initiatives & Programs Graduate Fellowships SURF Program (Undergraduate) Technical Achievement Awards Travel Awards Graduate Research Symposium Upcoming GRS History of the GRS Assistant Professor Symposium Young Investigator's Symposium Undergraduate Award Awards Adams Award Cope Awards Gassman Award Leete Award Undergraduate Award Other ACS Awards Meetings ACS National Meetings Due Dates Abstract Submission Guidelines Symposia Proposals National Meeting Abstracts National Organic Symposium NOS Website History of the NOS in JOC History of the NOS NOS 2013 Videos Reaction Mechanisms Conference Upcoming RMC History of the RMC ACS Regional Meetings-Support Other Meetings of Interest Careers & Networking Employment Academic Positions Industrial Positions Post Doc Positions Policies for Employment Postings Internships ACS Career Resource Center LinkedIn ORGN Facebook ORGN Twitter ORGN ACS Network Resources Organic Chemist-Videos Book Discounts National Meeting Abstracts Organic Journals Organic Reactions Organic Syntheses Organic Web Links ACS Tech Divisions Organic Data Tables Organic Reference Resolver Matt McIntosh's List of Organic Research Groups Top 200 Drugs Newsroom Latest News Newsletters RSS Feed Information Page Join the Division Contact Us/Feedback Members Only Member Login Member Profile Member Directory History of NOS in JOC NOS Videos (2013) Search the Organic Division ACS Chemistry for Life News Call for Nominations for the Gassman Award [more] 2014 ACS GCI Pharmaceutical Roundtable Research Grant for Reduction of Amides [more] Abstract submission for the Fall 2014 ACS Meeting-Due Mar. 20 Abstract submission for the 248th ACS National Meeting August 10-14, 2014 in San Francisco, CA is now open. Submit abstracts at http://abstracts.acs.org/ . [more] National Organic Symposium Lectures Available On-Line [more] [More News] Upcoming Events Sat Mar 15, 2014 Thu Mar 20, 2014 Thu May 1, 2014 Privacy statement Digital Cheetah . Login 
 Organic Chemistry From Wikibooks, open books for an open world (Redirected from Organic chemistry ) The latest reviewed version was checked on 18 February 2014 . There are template/file changes awaiting review. navigation ,       search Wikibook Development Stages Sparse text Developing text Maturing text Developed text Comprehensive text This book requires that you first read General Chemistry . Welcome page Foreword To-Do List Foundations of Organic Chemistry Alkanes Stereochemistry Cycloalkanes Alkenes Alkynes Overview of Functional Groups Haloalkanes Alcohols Ethers Amines Dienes Aromatics Aromatic reactions Ketones and aldehydes Carboxylic acids Carboxylic acid derivatives Analytical techniques Questions and Discussions Note : Any time you click on the following icon, you will be brought back to this contents page. Appendix A: Introduction to reactions Index of reactions Introduction to functional groups Glossary Periodic table Short periodic table Other online resources Page element templates Help organize the book structure . Compare this book to these college OChem textbooks: Morrison and Boyd ISBN 0-13-643669-2 Solomons and Fryhle ISBN 978-0471417996 Wade ISBN 978-0131699571 Carey ISBN 978-0072979527 McMurry] ( ISBN 978-0534389994 Daley Daley Free If you think you can help, check out the to do list of the authors over here - To-Do_List Book Distribution [ edit ] A printable version of Organic Chemistry is available. ( edit it ) Authors - If you want to be included as an author of this Wikibook, please add your name here. Licensing v • d • e Commons Article Category Wikinews Portal Category Wikipedia Article Portal Wikiquote Article Category Wikisource Category Wikiversity School Wiktionary Definition Category http://en.wikibooks.org/w/index.php?title=Organic_Chemistryoldid=2609945 "     Subjects : Organic Chemistry Chemistry Hidden categories: Books with print version Alphabetical/O Chemistry/all books Physical sciences/all books Science/all books Books by subject/all books Half-finished books Books by completion status/all books Navigation menu Personal tools Create account Log in Namespaces Book Discussion Variants Views Read Latest draft Edit View history Actions Search Navigation Main Page Help Browse Cookbook Wikijunior Featured books Recent changes Donations Random book Community Reading room Community portal Bulletin Board Help out! Policies and guidelines Contact us Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Cite this page In other languages العربية Deutsch Ελληνικά Français Bahasa Indonesia Italiano Nederlands 日本語 Polski Sister projects Wikipedia Wikiversity Wiktionary Wikiquote Wikisource Wikinews Wikivoyage Commons Wikidata Print/export Create a collection Download as PDF Printable version This page was last modified on 18 February 2014, at 00:17. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution/Share-Alike License ; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Privacy policy About Wikibooks Disclaimers Developers Mobile view 
 Classic Organic Reactions ChemPen Chemical Structure Drawing ChemPen3D Acetoacetic Ester Condensation Acetoacetic Ester Syntheses Acyloin Condensation Adkins Catalyst Adkins-Peterson Reaction Akabori Amino Acid Reactions Alder-Rickert Rule Aldol-Condensation Algar-Flynn-Olyamada(AFO)Reaction Allan-Robinson Reaction Allylic Rearrangement Amadori Rearrangement Andrussov Oxidation Arndt-Eistert Synthesis Auwers Synthesis Aza-Claisen Rearrangemment Baeyer-Drewson Indigo Synthesis Baeyer-Villiger Rearrangement Bakeland(Bakelite)Process Baker-Venkataraman Transformation Bally-Scholl Synthesis Bamberger Rearrangement Bamberger Triazine Synthesis Bamford-Stevans Reaction Barbier-Wieland Degradation Barbier Reaction Barton Reaction Baudisch Reaction Bechamp Reaction Beckmann Rearrangement Benary Reaction Benkeser Reduction Benzilic Acid Rearrangement Benzoin Condensation Bergman Reaction Bergmann Degradation Bernthsen Acridine Synthesis Betti Reaction Biginelli Pyrimidine Syntheis Birch Reduction Bischler Indole Synthesis Bischler-Napieralski Reaction. Bischler-Triazine Synthesis Blaise Ketone Synthesis Blaise Reaction Blanc(Chloromethylation ) Reaction Blanc Reaction(Blanc Rule) Bodroux Reaction Bogert-Cook Synthesis Bohn-Schmidt Reaction Boord Olefin Synthesis Borsche-Drechsel Cyclization. Bosch-Meiser Urea Process Bouveault Aldehyde Synthesis Bouveault-Blanc Reduction Boyland-Sims Oxidation Bradsher Reaction Brook Rearrangement Bucherer-Bergs Reaction Bucherer Carbazole Synthesis Bucherer Reaction Camps Quinoline Synthesis Cannizzaro Reaction Carroll Reaction Chapman Rearrangement Chichibabin Pyridine Synthesis Chichibabin Reaction Chugaev Method Claisen Condensation Claisen Rearrangement Claisen Schmidt Condensation Clemmensen Reaction Combes Quinoline Synthesis. Conrad-Limpach Synthesis Cope Elimination Reaction Cope Rearrangement Corey-Kim Oxidation Corey-Winter Olefin Synthesis Cornforth Rearrangement Craig Method Criegee Reaction Creighton Process Criegee Reaction Crum Brown-Gibson Rule Dakin Reaction Dakin-West Reaction Darapsky Degradation Darzens Procedure Delepine Reactions Demjanov Rearrangement Dess-Martin Oxidation D-Homo Rearrangement of Steroids Dieckmann Reaction Diels Alder Reaction Diels Reese Reaction Dienol Benzene Rearrangement Dienone-Phenol Rearrangement Dimroth Rearrangement Doebner Reaction Dotz Reaction Duff Reaction Dutt-Wormall Reaction Eder Reaction Edman Degradation Ehrlich-Sachs Reaction Einhorn-Brunner Reaction Elbs Persulfate Oxidation Elbs Reaction Eltekoff Reaction Emde Degradation Emmert Reaction Eschweiler-Clarke Reaction. Etard Reaction Favorskii-Babayan Synthesis. Favorskii Rearrangement Feist-Benary Synthesis Fenton Reaction Ferrario Reaction Fickelstein Reaction Fischer-Hepp Rearrangement Fischer Indole Synthesis Fischer Oxazole Synthesis Fischer Peptide Synthesis Fischer Phenylhydrazine Reaction Flood Reaction Forster-Decker Method Forster Reaction Franchimont Reaction Frankland-Duppa Reaction Frankland Synthesis Freund Reaction Friedel-Crafts Reaction Friedlaender Synthesis Fries Rearrangement Fujimoto-Belleau Reaction Gabriel Ethylenimine Method Gabriel Synthesis Gallagher-Hollander Degradation Gastaldi Synthesis Gattermann Aldehyde Synthesis Gattermann-Koch Reaction Gattermann-Skita Synthesis Gibbs Phthalic Anhydride Process Glaser Coupling Gogte Synthesis Goldschmidt Process Gomberg-Bachmann-Hey Reaction Gomberg-Free Radical Reaction Gould-Jacobs Reaction Graebe-Ullmann Synthesis Grignard Degradation Grignard Reaction Grundmann Aldehyde Synthesis Guareschi-Thorpe Condensation Guerbet Reaction Gutknecht Pyrazine Synthesis. Haller-Bauer Reaction Hantzch Pyrrole Synthesis Harries Ozonide Reaction Haworth Methylation Haworth Phenanthrene Synthesis. Hayashi Rearrangement Helferich Method Heck Reaction Hell-Vollard-Zelinsky Halogenation ) Henry Reaction;Kamlet Reaction Heumann Indigo Synthesis Hilbert-Johnson Reaction Hinsberg Reaction Hinsberg Sulfone Synthesis ) Hofmann-Martius Rearrangement Hofmann Rule Hofmann-Sand Reactions Hooker Reaction Houben-Fischer Synthesis Houben-Hoesch Reaction Hydroboration Reaction Ivanov(Ivanoff) Reagent Jacobsen Epoxidation Jacobsen Rearrangement Janovsky Reaction Japp-Klingemann Reaction Jones Oxidation Kendall-Mattox Reaction Kiliani-Fischer Synthesis Kishner Cyclopropane Synthesis Knoevenagel Condensation Knorr Pyrazole Synthesis Knorr Pyrrole Synthesis Knorr Quinoline Synthesis Koch-Haaf Carboxylations Kochi Reaction Koenigs-Knorr Synthesis Kolbe Electrolytic Synthesis Kolbe-Schmitt Reaction Kondakov Rule Kontanecki Acylation Krafft Degradation Krapcho Decarbaloxylation Krohnke Aldehyde Synthesis Krohnke Pyridine Synthesis Kucherov Reaction Kuhn-Winterstein Reaction. Ladenburg Rearrangement Lebedev Process Lehmstedt-Tanasescu Reaction Letts Nitrile Synthesis Leuckert Amide Synthesis Leuckart(Leukart) Reaction Leuckart Thiophenol Reaction Leuckart-Wallach Reaction Levinstein Process Lobry de Bruyn-van Ekenstein Transformation Lossen Rearrangement McFadyen-Stevens Reaction McLafferty Rearrangement Madelung Synthesis Malonic Ester Synthesis Mannich Reaction McMurry Reaction Merckwald Asymmetric Synthesis Markownikoff Rule Martinet Dioxindole Synthesis ter Meer Reaction Meerwein Arylation Meisenheimer Rearrangements Meldrum Acid Menshutkin Reaction Mentzer Pyrone Synthesis Meyer and Hartmann Reaction Meyer Reaction Meyers Aldehyde Synthesis Michaelis-Arbuzov Reaction Miescher Degradation Mignonac Reaction Milas Hydroxylation of Olefins Mislow-Evans Rearrangement Mitsunobu Reaction Moore Myers Cyclization Mukaiyama Aldol Reaction Mukaiyama-Michael Reaction Nagata Hydrocyanation Nametkin Rearrangement Nazarov Cyclization Reaction Neber Rearrangement Nef Reaction Nef Synthesis Negishi Cross Coupling Nenitzescu Indole Synthesis Nenitzescu Reductive Acylation Niementowski Quinazoline Reaction Niementowski Quinoline Synthesis Nierenstein Reaction Normant Reagents Norrish Type Cleavage Noyori Hydrogenation Oppenauer Oxidation Overman Rearrangement Paal-Knorr Pyrrole Synthesis Paneth Technique Parham Cyclization Paolini Reaction Passerini Reaction Paterno-Büchi Reaction Pauson-Khand Reaction Payne Rearrangement Pechmann Condensation Pechmann Pyrazole Synthesis Pellizzari Reaction Pelouze Synthesis Perkin Alicyclic Synthesis Perkin Reaction Perkow Reaction Peterson Reaction (Olefination) Pfau-Plattner Azulene Synthesis Pfitzinger Reaction Pictet-Hubert Reaction Piloty Alloxazine Synthesis Piloty-Robinson Pyrrole Synthesis Pinacol Coupling Reaction Pinacol Rearrangement Pinner Amidine Synthesis Pinner Method for Ortho Esters Pinner Triazine Synthesis Piria Reaction Polonovski Reaction Ponzio Reaction Prevost Reaction Prins Reaction Pummerer Reaction Quelet Reaction Ramberg-Bäcklund Reaction Rap-Stoermer Condensation Salol Reaction Raschig Phenol Process Reed Reaction Reilly-Hickinbottom Rearrangement Reimer-Tiemann Reaction Reissert Indole Synthesis ) Reppe Chemistry Retro-Diels-Alder Reaction Retropinacol Rearrangement Reverdin Reaction Richter (Cinnoline) Synthesis Riehm Quinoline Synthesis Ritter Reaction Robinson Annelation Reaction Robinson-Schopf Reaction Rosenmund von Braun Synthesis Rosenmund Reaction(Arsonic Acids) Rosenmund Reduction Rothemund Reaction Rowe Rearrangement Rubottom Oxidation Ruff-Fenton Degradation Ruzicka Large Ring Synthesis Saegusa Oxidation Salol Reaction Sandmeyer Reaction Sarett Oxidation Saytzeff Rule Schiemann Reaction Schiff Reaction(Schiff Bases) Schmidlin Ketene Synthesis Schmidt Reaction Scholl Reaction Schotten Baumann Reaction Serini Reaction Sharpless Dihyroxylation Sharpless Epoxidation Sharpless Oxyamination Simmons-Smith Reaction Simonini Reaction Simonis Chromone Cyclization Skraup Reaction Smiles Rearrangement Sommelet Reaction Sommelet Rearrangement Sonn-Muller Method Sorenson Formol Titration Staudinger Reaction Stephen Aldehyde Synthesis Stevens Rearrangement Stieglitz Rearrangement Stille Coupling Stobbe Condensation Stolle Synthesis Strecker Amino Acid Synthesis Strecker Degradation Strecker Sulfite Alkylation Stuffer Disulfone Hydrolysis Rule Sugasawa Reaction Suzuki Coupling Swarts Reaction Swern Oxidation Tafel Rearrangement Tebbe Olefination Thiele Reaction Thorpe Reaction Tiemann Rearrangement Tollens Reagent Traube Purine Synthesis Trost Desymmetrization Truce-Smiles Rearrangement Tscherniac-Einhorn Reaction Twitchell Process Tyrer Sulfonation Process Ullmann Reaction Urech Cyanohydrin Method Urech Hydantoin Synthesis Van Slyke Determination Varrentrapp Reaction Vilsmeier-Haack Reaction Voight Amination Volhard-Erdmann Cyclization Vorbruggen Glycosylation Wacker Oxidation Wagner-Jauregg Reaction Wagner-Meerwein Rearrangement Walden Inversion Wallach Rearrangement Weerman Degradation Weiss Reaction Wenker Ring Closure Wessely-Moser Rearrangement Westphalen-Lettré Rearrangement Wharton Reaction Whiting Reaction Wichterle Reaction Widman-Stoermer Synthesis Willgerodt-Kindler Reaction Williamson Synthesis Wittig Reaction [1,2]Wittig Rearrangement [2,3] Wittig Rearrangement Wohl-Aue Reaction Wohl Degradation Wohler Synthesis Wohl-Ziegler Reaction Wolffenstein-Boters Reaction Wolff-Kishner Reduction Wolff Rearrangement Woodward cis-Hydroxylation Wurtz-Fittig Reaction Wurtz Reaction Zeisel Determination Ziegler Method Zimmermann Reaction Zincke Disulfide Cleavage Zinke Nitration Zinke-Suhl Reaction Copyright 2008 Hilton Evans 
 Home Methods History Development of Combichem Links Contact Combinatorial Chemistry Combinatorial chemistry (or CombiChem) is an innovative method of synthesizing many different substances quickly and at the same time. Combinatorial chemistry contrasts with the time-consuming and labor intensive methods of traditional chemistry where compounds are synthesized individually, one at a time. While combinatorial chemistry is primarily used by organic chemists who are seeking new drugs, chemists are also now applying combinatorial chemistry to other fields such as semiconductors, superconductors, catalysts and polymers. CombiChem is used to synthesize large number of chemical compounds by combining sets of building blocks. Each newly synthesized compound's composition is slightly different from the previous one. A traditional chemist can synthesize 100-200 compounds per year. A combinatorial robotic system can produce in a year thousands or millions compounds which can be tested for potential drug candidates in a high-throughput screening process. Over the last few years, the combinatorial chemistry has emerged as an exciting new paradigm for the drug discovery. In a very short time the topic has become the focus of considerable scientific interest and research efforts. Custom Synthesis of Your Chemicals Exclusive Chemistry Ltd offers custom synthesis services to clients in the medical, pharmaceutical, biotechnical, agricultural, government and academic sectors. Also on company website there is online chemical catalog. Last Updated: June 17, 2012 Solution Phase Synthesis Solid Phase Synthesis High Throughput Screening 
 Not Voodoo Demystifying Synthetic Organic Laboratory Technique Created by Department of Chemistry, University of Rochester About Not Voodoo: Development Wanted Items Charter Contributors Contributors Browse by Experience Level: First-Time Independent Researchers First-Year Ph.D. Students Intermediate Graduate Students Advanced Researchers The Tour of Collective Wisdom: Rookie Mistakes Toxic Reagents Pyrophoric and Explosive Reagents Must Be Purified? Commercially Available? Proverbs Did You Know? Sage Advice A Day in the Life May Require Mojo 1, 2, 3... Ph.D. Q Search Not Voodoo: Magic Formulas Overview TLC Stains Cooling Bath Washing Glassware Prepare LDA Prepare Jones Reagent Workup Formulas Tips and Traps Overview Rules of Thumb Always and Never First Time Through Rookie Mistakes Proverbs Leaving the Lab Improve Yield Reagents Overview Reagent Notes Highly Toxic Buy it or Make it Yourself? Pyrophoric or Explosive? Right Out of the Bottle? Chromatography: Overview Column Chromatography Notes Flash Chromatography How to TLC Notes TLC How to TLC Troubleshooting Interesting Statistics: Overview A Day in the Life 1, 2, 3 ... Ph.D. May Require Mojo A Key to Research Lingo How To: Overview Stay Motivated Improve Your Yield Run a Reaction Run a Flash Column Degas Solvents Titrate Alkyllithiums Weigh Reactants and Reagents Prepare LDA Wash Glassware Remove Reagents During Workup Monitor a Reaction by TLC Get a Good Proton NMR Spectrum Grow X-Ray Quality Crystals Write an Excperimental Handle Oils Use Pyrophoric Reagents Notes on Special Topics: Overview Reaction Notes 1 Reaction Notes 2 Workup Notes Column Chromatography Notes TLC Notes Kende's 20 Points Equipment Notes 1 Equipment Notes 2 Recordkeeping Notes Reagent Notes Characterization Notes NMR Spectroscopy Notes Molecular Sieves Notes Anatomy of a Reaction: Overview I. Research Literature Precedent II. Planning and Strategy III. The Setup IV. The Reaction: Analysis I V. The Quench VI. The Workup VII. Diagnosis: Analysis II VIII. Purification IX. Characterization Notes X. Record-keeping Notes Troubleshooting: Overview Troubleshooting the Experiment TLC Troubleshooting Workup Troubleshooting Flash Column Troubleshooting Spectroscopy Troubleshoot Weighing Reagents Reaction Checklist Question and Answer Desert Island: Overview Protecting Groups Reviews and Reference Books Tools, Tables, and Charts Oxidations Textbooks Websites Journals Not Voodoo 
 Home Links Site Map Main Page Introduction Principle of Combichem Combinatorial Libraries Application of Combichem Future of Combichem Info for Organic Chemists (S)-3-Aminothiolane Tetrahydrofurans Lactams Pyrrolidinones Indolinones Indoles 2-Substituted Indoles Indoles Esters New Indole Synthesis Oxindoles Quinolines Quinoline N-Oxides Tetrahydroisoquinolines Pyridinones Isocyanates Carbamates Acyldihidropyridines Cryptostyline Pipecolates Pyrazoles Phenylmethanones Pyridazines Solid Phase Synthesis Introduction Application Resins for Solid Phase Cross Linked Polystyrene Polyamide Resins TentaGel Resins Linkers for Solid Phase Carboxylic Acid Linkers Carboxamide Linkers Alcohol Linkers Amine Linkers Traceless Linkers Solution Phase Synthesis Introduction Parallel Solution Synthesis Example of Application Analytical Techniques Introduction DNA Based Encoding Peptide Tag Mass Encoding Hard Tag Radio-Frequency Encoding Combichem Glossary A gonist- B inary Code C hemical Building Block D ecode- E nzyme F ingerprint G el Phase- I nhibitors K aiser Test- L igand M acromolecule- O ptimization P eptoid R eceptor S caffold T ag-Virtual Screening Drug Discovery Combichem & HTS articles Page 1 Page 2 Page 3 Page 4 News & Events Useful Links About Site Link to Combichem Review Privacy Policy Combinatorial Chemistry Finding of novel drug is a complex process. Historically, the main source of biologically active compounds used in drug discovery programs has been natural products, isolated from plant, animal or fermentation sources. By accelerating the process of chemical synthesis , this method is having a profound effect on all branches of chemistry, but especially on drug discovery. Through the rapidly evolving technology of combi-chemistry, it is now possible to produce compound libraries to screen for novel bioactivities. This powerful new technology has begun to help pharmaceutical companies to find new drug candidates quickly, save significant money in preclinical development costs and ultimately change their fundamental approach to drug discovery. This web site - an overview of combinatorial synthesis, including polymers and linkers for solid-phase synthesis, determination of product structure, solution-phase synthesis and applications of combichem. The aim of this project is to provide a basic introduction to the field of combinatorial chemistry describing the development of major techniques and some applications. Friendly website. CAS Numbers List - cas number lookup, physical properties and synthesis references. An ideal online overview providing a thorough review of combinatorial synthesis and more. A recommended resource for our students. Learn more about Paramont OHS at high school diploma online free - An entirely online high school study program. 2004-2013 Combinatorial Chemistry Review. 
 If you want: . SCIENTIFIC AL author S.P.Prokopchuk Synopsis: author S.P.Prokopchuk : Read in pdf 
 [Home Page] [Chemistry Page] [The Elements] [Chemical Reactions] [Organic Chemistry] [Chemical Bonding] [Acids, Bases and Salts] [We Are Stardust] [Readers' Feedback (Chemistry)] [Language] [Travel] [Democracy] [Eclipses] [London] [Astronomy] [Mathematics] [Physics] [Chemistry] [Football] [Television] [Other] Sponsored Link An Introduction to Organic Chemistry by making a donation A beginners' guide to the chemistry of Carbon compounds What is Organic Chemistry? Organic is one of the most overused in the English language. Don't eat that; it's not organic . Of course, there is a precise scientific definition of the word. In science, Organic can be a biological or chemical term. In Biology it means any thing that is living or has lived. The opposite is Non-Organic. In Chemistry, an Organic compound is one containing Carbon atoms. The opposite term is Inorganic . Molecules molecules which are collections of atoms. All the molecules in existence are made up of about a hundred different kinds of atoms. water molecule is composed of two atoms of Hydrogen and one atom of Oxygen. We write its formula as H 2 O . Sulphuric Acid contains two atoms of Hydrogen, one atom of Sulphur and four atoms of Oxygen. Its formula is H 2 SO 4 . Name of Substance Formula Carbon Dioxide CO 2 Salt NaCl Nitric Acid HNO 3 Laughing Gas N 2 O Ammonia NH 3 Saltpetre KNO 3 Carbon Monoxide CO Potassium Permanganate KMnO 4 Calcium Carbonate CaCO 3 Molecules With Carbon Carbon . Carbon can make molecules that have tens, hundreds, thousands even millions of atoms! The huge number of possible combinations means that there are more Carbon compounds that those of all the other elements put together! valency of 4. Sometimes a Carbon atom will combine with fewer atoms. The Carbon atom is one of the few that will combine with itself. In other words Carbon combines with other Carbon atoms. chains and rings onto which other atoms can be attached. Hydrocarbons Carbon and Hydrogen atoms only. Even these run into thousands! Compounds of Carbon and Hydrogen only are called Hydrocarbons . Please note that the molecule structure images below show the structure of three dimensional molecules in two dimensional format. Alkanes CH 4 . This is the simplest member of a series of hydrocarbons. Each successive member of the series has one more Carbon atom than the preceeding member. This is shown in the table below. Formula Structure Name / Uses CH 4 Methane - gas used for cooking. C 2 H 6 Ethane C 3 H 8 Propane - heating fuel. C 4 H 10 Butane - lighter / camping fuel. C 5 H 12 Pentane C 6 H 14 Hexane C n H 2n+2 alkanes . The lighter ones are gases and used as fuels. The middle ones (7 Carbons to 12 Carbons) are liquids used in petrol (gasoline). The higher ones are waxy solids. Candle wax is a mixture of alkanes. Butane , the names of these compounds are from the Greek for the number of Carbon atoms followed by the suffix -ane . So, Decane would have the formula C 10 H 22 . Polythene is a very large alkane with millions of atoms in a single molecule. Apart from being flammable, alkanes are stable compounds found underground. single bonds and are generally stable and resistant to attack by other chemicals. Alkanes contain the maximum number of Hydrogen atoms possible. They are said to be saturated . Alkenes alkenes . These have a general formula: C n H 2n . double bonds between a pair of Carbon atoms. The double bonds are more reactive than single bonds making the alkenes chemically more reactive. Formula Structure Name / Uses C 2 H 4 Ethene - used as an industrial starter chemical. C 3 H 6 Propene C 4 H 8 Butene C 5 H 10 Pentene C 6 H 12 Hexene -ene . Alkynes alkynes . These have the following formula: C n H 2n-2 . Formula Structure Name / Uses C 2 H 2 Ethyne - better known as acetylene which is used for welding underwater. C 3 H 4 Propyne C 4 H 6 Butyne C 5 H 8 Pentyne C 6 H 10 Hexyne -yne . Carbon Rings Formula Structure Name / Uses C 6 H 12 Cyclohexane - a saturated hydrocarbon with the atoms arranged in a hexagonal ring. In organic chemistry, the presence of Hydrogen atoms is often assumed and this compund can be reprsented by a hexagonal ring: C 6 H 6 Benzene - an industrial solvent. C 7 H 8 Toluene - an important solvent and starter chemical. C 10 H 8 Naphthalene - used in moth balls. Carbon, Hydrogen and Oxygen series of compounds. General Formula Series Name Details Examples Structures C n H 2n+1 OH Alcohols Alcohols have the OH (hydroxyl) group in the molecule. functional group . CH 3 OH Methanol wood alcohol 2 H 5 OH Ethanol drinking alcohol 6 H 5 OH Phenol carbolic acid - used as disinfectant (C n H 2n+1 ) 2 O Ethers Ethers have an O atom attached to two hydrocarbon chains (or rings). (CH 3 ) 2 O Dimethyl Ether a gas 2 H 5 ) 2 O Diethyl Ether a liquid used as an anaesthetic) (C n H 2n+1 ) 2 CO Ketones Ketones have a CO group attached to two hydrocarbon chains (or rings). CH 3 COCH 3 Dimethyl Ketone Also known as acetone : nail-varnish remover C n H 2n+1 CHO Aldehydes Aldehydes have a CHO group attached to a hydrocarbon chain (or ring). HCHO Formaldehyde preservative in labs 3 CHO Acetaldehyde C n H 2n+1 CO 2 H Fatty Acids Fatty Acids contain the CO 2 H (or COOH) group attached to a hydrocarbon chain or ring. HCO 2 H Formic Acid in ant bites and stinging nettles 3 CO 2 H Acetic Acid vinegar 2 H 5 CO 2 H Butyric Acid the rancid butter smell RCO 2 R' Esters Esters are similar to Fatty Acids except that the H in the COOH group is another hydrocarbon chain. They are usually very sweet smelling liquids used in perfumes. CH 3 CO 2 CH 3 Methyl Methoate essence of pear drops Oxalic Acid - a poison found in rhubarb leaves - which has two fatty acid groups) or different (as in Hydroxymethanoic Acid - which has a hydroxyl group and a fatty acid group): (COOH) 2 : Oxalic Acid CH 2 OHCOOH : Hydroxymethanoic Acid Carbohydrates . An example is the common sugar, Sucrose (C 12 H 22 O 11 ). Sucrose Isomerism isomerism . Let us look at two compounds introduced earlier. Dimethyl Ether : (CH 3 ) 2 O and Ethanol : C 2 H 5 OH . Dimethyl Ether Ethanol isomers and the phenomenon is called Isomerism . structural isomers . Other types of isomers exist. Adding Nitrogen Nitrogen . This produces more series of compounds. General Formula Series Name Details Examples Structures C n H 2n+1 NH 2 Amines Amines have one or more of the Hydrogen atoms in Ammonia (NH 3 ) replaced by a Hydrocarbon chain or ring. Primary Amines have the formula RNH 2 Secondary Amines have the formula RR'NH Tertiary Amines have the formula RR'R''N. CH 3 NH 2 Methylamine a pungent, water soluble gas C n H 2n+1 CN Cyanides Cyanides have the CN group. CH 3 CN Methyl Cyanide C n H 2n NH 2 COOH Amino Acids Amino Acids have two functional groups: the amine (NH 2 ) group and the fatty acid (COOH) group. proteins which are an important component of living organisms. CH 2 NH 2 COOH Glycine the simplest amino acid. Trinitro Toluene (C 6 H 2 CH 3 (NO 2 ) 3 - usually abbreviated to TNT ). This is an artificially made explosive. Its structure is shown below: Trinitro Toluene (TNT) 2 groups can be placed in six different arrangements on the ring. These are known as positional isomers . Other Atoms Phosphorus , Sulphur (e.g. Thiamine, Vitamin B 1 ), Magnesium (e.g. Chlorophyll) and Iron (e.g. Haemoglobin). Chlorine Formula Structure Name / Uses CHCl 3 Chloroform - a human-made anaesthetic. C 14 H 9 Cl 5 Dichloro Diphenyl Trichloro Methane - DDT an insecticide. 70-649 certification pdf exam product and oracle 312-50 certification prep solutions. Our incredible offers for testking 199-01 certification training dumps and evergreen MB2-185 are accessible at reasonable prices. Our testking 70-599 certification also has very rare in IT world. Amazon.co.uk Amazon.com 
   Orthogonal glycosylation         index Chap. 1: What is orthogonality in chemistry? Chap. 2: Introduction Chap. 3: Introducing orthogonal glycosylation and a demonstration in the synthesis of chitooligosaccharide Chap. 4: Synthesis of extended blood type B determinant Chap. 5: Application to polymer supported synthesis Chap. 6: Conclusion Acknowledgment Slides Similar topics in GlycoWord     Chapter 1 What is Orthogonal Coupling?　 The term, orthogonality, is frequently used in a generalization of its mathematical meaning to describe sets of primitives or capabilities that, like a vector basis in geometry, span the entire `capability space' of the system and are in some sense non-overlapping or mutually independent. Let's analyze a leapfrog play as an example of the  orthogonal system. There is a set of capabilities of actions involved in this capability space of leapfrog system, one is to leap over and the other is to stoop. The set of independent capabilities (two actions kids make) is orthogonal. As a result, kids who are capable of making two orthogonal actions, are capable of playing in the leapfrog system. Therefore, it is considered this concept is important as the fundamental of systems that requires continuation of a certain process. Furthermore, it should be noted that the number of players is not limited to two kids for the leapfrog play. An important concept of orthogonal protection was first defined by Baranay and Merrifield as a set of completely independent classes of protection groups, such that each class can be removed in any order and in the presence of all other classes.[1] Orthogonal protecting group manipulations are widely accepted in the peptide chemistry and can be seen in other fields. Although this important concept can be generally applied in the synthetic field in polymeric materials such as peptide chemistry, the term itself is used to describe the independency of protecting groups during deprotection reactions and is nothing to do with the condensation reactions. Therefore, the synthesis requires multiple steps prier to the coupling reactions. In order to reduce synthetic steps to the limit, aforementioned leapfrog system is required in the coupling reactions. In this system, each synthon has a functional group that shows orthogonal nature, a set of independent aspects, such as capability of innertness and capability to be activated under certain conditions. Criteria are 1) A functional group X can be activated under conditions A but stable under conditions B and 2) A functional group Y can be activated under conditions B but stable under conditions A. When individual synthons (S i ) carry X or Y and reactive functional group such as hydroxyl group, a coupling of (S 1 )-X and HO-(S 2 )-Y under conditions A may results in (S 1 )-O-(S 2 )-Y. The coupling of (S 1 )-O-(S 2 )-Y and HO-(S 3 )-X under conditions B may resulted in (S 1 )-O-(S 2 )-O-(S 3 )-X, and so on. This was examined and successfully achieved. The results were reported in the field of oligosaccharide synthesis. The fundamental of the orthogonal condensation system is the combined use of these individual reactions which enable the synthesis of polymeric compounds without deprotection nor activation step.[2,3,4,5] References    1. Baranay, G.; Merrifield, R. B., J. Am. Chem. Soc. 1977 , 116 , 7363-7365.    2. Kanie, O.; Ito, Y.; Ogawa, T. J. Am. Chem. Soc. 1994 , 116 , 12073-12074.    3. Zeng, F.; Zimmerman, S. C. J. Am. Chem. Soc. 1996 , 118 , 5326-5327.    4. Kanie, O.; Ito, Y.; Ogawa, T. Tetrahedron Lett. 1996 , 37 , 4551-4554 .    5. Ito, Y., Kanie, O., and Ogawa, T. Angew. Chem. Int. Ed. 1996 , 35 , 2510-2512 . The drawing of leapfrog was taken from The Golden Picture Dictionary by Lucille Ogle and Tina Thoburn, illustrated by Hilary Knight, A Golden Book, New York, Western Publishing Company, Inc., Racine, Wisconsin 53404 *Studies on the orthogonal glycosylation strategy for oligosaccharide synthesis was proposed by Dr. Kanie as a project of basic science research program at RIKEN supported by the Science and Technology Agency of the Japanese Government and carried out in Ogawa Lab. with Dr. Ito.       
 Home Alphabetical Search A-B C-D E-F G-H I-J K-L M-N O-P Q-R S-T U-V W-X Y-Z Direct Search About Us Contact Us Welcome To OChemPal OChemPal is an A-to-Z guide to the rich vocabulary of organic chemistry. Designed for undergraduate students studying organic chemistry, it is intended to be complementary to the lectures and the textbook. Symbols and Abbreviation Acronyms of Common Reagents and Solvents OChemPal is now on facebook Copyright 2009 All Rights Reserved Admin Page Log in 
