 Basics Techniques Training Strategy Pro Boxing Tips for Punching Power FRANK BUGLIONI February 6, 2014 February 6, 2014 by Johnny N Boxing Techniques , Punch Techniques 31 Comments I was able to get UNDEFEATED professional super middleweight boxerÂ  Frank Buglioni to share some power punching tips for us here at ExpertBoxing. Hes currently 11-0 with 8 knockouts! And fighting again on February 15, 2014. This will the first part of a series where he shares some key tips to boxing training. I hope you guys enjoy and if you have any special questions for him, please let me know in the comments section! Read on for Franks basic keys to training for punching power: [Click to read more...] Click to read more Old School Boxing Training with FRANK DUNLAP February 1, 2014 February 1, 2014 by Johnny N Boxing Training , Boxing Workouts 44 Comments I met Frank Dunlap 6 months ago when he first wrote to me after reading through my website, ExpertBoxing. He was a fan of the website and a former boxer himself, a multiple-time Golden Glove regional and state boxing champion in the welterweight division back in the 50s . He was also a very successful boxing coach, leading his amateur boxing team to winning every regional boxing tournament for 3 years during the 70s, amassing an impressive win percentage of 70.6% in nearly 1,000 fights! I figured this was a man with a wealth of information (in everything, not only boxing) and boy was I right. I spoke with him on the phone for several hours and learned all about his inspiring life. He had served in the military during the Korean War. He was a schoolteacher, a principal, a Frito-Lay delivery man, a business-owner and a school bus driver, and also a Golden Glove boxing coach. And at one time, became the local medicine man for a small village in Alaska. He shared his boxing stories about competing in the Golden Gloves and also having trained great fighters. He once trained the Norris brothers when they were about 10 years oldâ (Terry Norris and Orlin Norris, boxing champions in the 90s). He talked about meeting his childhood idol, the legendary Rocky Marciano. There were bits and pieces of practical old school boxing knowledge in every memory and of coursean amazing life story. It is with great honor and admiration that I share Franks personal life story. [Click to read more...] Click to read more 10 Best Knockouts in Boxing January 11, 2014 January 11, 2014 by Johnny N Boxing Offense , Boxing Strategy 50 Comments Knockouts are the most beautiful surprises in boxing. Punches go back and forth, and then *BOOM*, its over. Its part of what truly makes it the sweet science. The perfect combination of physical power combined with mental brilliance.Â  The greatest knockouts of all, are the ones that touch you. Some are so incredible you replay it over and over again, others are so painful you dont ever want to see again. As a fighter , I empathize with the pain of losing in the most embarrassing way possible. Its sad to see a man give it his best and come up short. Every time I see a knockout, it still feels like its my first time. And the more connected you are in a fighter, the more emotional it becomes.Â As common as they are in boxing, I still get chills down my down my spine when a fighter gets knocked out. Sometimes theyre easy to take; a guy gets dazed and then counted out. Other times, its serious; it looks like a guy getting killed. It looks like your superhero just died. It feels like your invincible God had become mortal. As a fight fan , knockouts can be the most satisfying thing in the world. Sometimes seeing your favorite fighter knockout his can be the best feeling youve ever had. Its that one thing youve been waiting for all year long.Â Its like an early Christmas present. You sleep so happy that night, almost as if YOU had just become champion. You can die happy now. All your dreams have come true. Here are my 10 greatest knockouts in boxing: [Click to read more...] Click to read more The 3 Phases of Punching Technique December 9, 2013 December 9, 2013 by Johnny N Boxing Techniques , Punch Techniques 108 Comments The real title of this article is actually Why Lifting Weights Wont Increase Punching Power PART 3. Why do I keep revisiting this sensitive topic? Its not because I want all the sports experts to come on here and hate me. (No, I dont need that.) Its simply because I want to change the way people look at punching. It is of no importance to me whether you lift weights or not. Whats far more important and beneficial for YOUR punching power is how YOUÂ look at punching technique. What Im going to share is not NEW. I didnt invent it. Its been around forever and now I share it for those with a curiosity to look at things differently. This is the way many of the best boxers I know look at punching technique. [Click to read more...] Click to read more 10 Pro Boxing Techniques December 4, 2013 December 4, 2013 by Johnny N Boxing Techniques , Punch Techniques 29 Comments How do pro boxers fight? What techniques do pros use that amateurs dont? What are some special things that only pros do? What are the things that pros do really well? Ive put together a list of key fighting techniques that Ive seen in practically all professional boxers but rarely in amateur boxers. Many of these special techniques are subtle and require truly refined skills that can only be developed through years of training. They are very hard to see and even harder to do. I share them to the best of my ability for your enjoyment and perhaps future boxing inspiration. Here they are: 10 POPULAR pro boxing techniques! [Click to read more...] Click to read more Mindset of a Champion November 30, 2013 November 30, 2013 by Johnny N Boxing Training , Mental Training 32 Comments What goes on inside a champions head? What do they worry about? What do they focus on? How do they approach boxing and fighting differently from other fighters? The most shocking and inspirational revelation of all was when I realized all pro boxers saw themselves as champions. They had all won local amateur tournaments or achieved success in other areas of life. Even the ones without sporting accomplishments saw themselves as champions in life. And all of them trained like they were going to become champions. After spending several years with these guys everyday in the gym, it was easy for me to pick out all the things that made them different from the average boxer. I initially wrote this guide to describe pro boxers but it wasnt long before I realized I was describing the mindset of every champion. [Click to read more...] Click to read more Horizontal Punches vs Vertical Punches November 21, 2013 November 21, 2013 by Johnny N Boxing Techniques , Punch Techniques 23 Comments Should you punch with a horizontal fist or a vertical fist? Which is more powerful? Which is faster? Which is BETTER? It depends on who you ask. Some trainers say you should punch with a horizontal fist. Some trainers say you should punch with a vertical fist. Factor in the various punching techniques from martial artists, kickboxers, and other kinds of fighting styles and youll hear a dozen more conflicting views. Ive heard arguments for all kinds of techniques and actually, everyone has a good point. Both horizontal-fisted punches and vertical-fisted punches can be effective but first you have to know WHY and WHEN to use them. Read my definitive guide on punching with a HORIZONTAL FIST vs VERTICAL FIST. [Click to read more...] Click to read more Guide to Shadow Boxing November 8, 2013 November 8, 2013 by Johnny N Boxing Training , Boxing Workouts 57 Comments What is shadow boxing? Shadow boxing is not just punching by yourself. Shadow boxing is one of the oldest, most pure, and versatile exercises for improving many aspects of your fighting ability. Learn how to shadowbox to become a natural fighter. [Click to read more...] Click to read more The Art of Light Punches October 24, 2013 October 24, 2013 by Johnny N Boxing Offense , Boxing Strategy 17 Comments Everyone knows how to punch hard, but what about how to punch light? Light punches are faster, require less energy, and leave you less vulnerable. Light punches can confuse your opponents defense and for more unpredictable attacks. Light punches can be thrown from a wider range of positions than harder punches. Learning how to use light punches can actually make you a HARDER AND MORE EFFECTIVE PUNCHER! [Click to read more...] Click to read more Why ALL Fighters Should Learn Boxing October 17, 2013 October 17, 2013 by Johnny N Boxing Basics , How to Box 46 Comments Boxing can teach you more about fighting than you might ever realize. Those whove never tried boxing could easily say: Why bother with a limited fighting art that only uses the hands? No kicks, knees, or elbows? Boxing isnt real fighting. Boxing is only about landing the knockout punch, anyone can get lucky. Boxers have bad punching technique. Boxing is so unskilled, it just looks like a brawling street fight. Those who HAVE tried boxing could easily say: Boxing is tough. Tough training, even tougher competition. Pure athleticism. Raw speed, power, and endurance. Tiring and painful. Incredible reflexes and extremely fast fight reaction time. Very skilled, commonly misunderstood and under-appreciated fighting art. Very humble fighters and learning environment. All fighters, mixed martial artists, could benefit from learning how to box. Even if you dont care for boxing techniques or boxing punches, you could still learn a lot. Boxing can make you a better athlete, improve your reflexes, make you smoother, and more comfortable in a fight. Theres a reason why all MMA camps have dedicated boxing trainers on staff. Here are my 5 reasons why EVERY FIGHTER should pick up some boxing skills: [Click to read more...] Click to read more 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Next The #1 Boxing Training Website Since 2008 Get Free Email Updates Join 20,000 other subscribers for a FREE 10-day boxing course and ongoing email updates! Comments How To Take Punches Better When I initially commented I clicked the Notify me when new comments are added checkbox and now each time... by jual vigrx bandung Southpaw Guide To Beating Orthodox Fighters Whoever told you it isnt good to fight unorthodox mustve gotten they ass beat by one. Im southpaw... by boxer83 Dancers Footwork for Fighters I resent your login, Albert. In the future, please contact me directly for a faster response. Thanks again for your... by Johnny N Deciding Between Orthodox or Southpaw Great website! Im training for a masters bout in the near future and you have such succinct and useful advice that... by Kevin ExpertBoxing EASY Boxing Workout HI! I am a total befinner at This, but I enjoyed Your program after trying out the exercises for monday. noe, i am heading... by Tommy 10 Counters for the Right Hand Johnny you have great knowledge. I wish you could coach me in boxing. Im 16, Boxing since I was 13 and I just... by Justin Sy Why ALL Fighters Should Learn Boxing Hi well glad i took boxing ,but took JUDO first. got in to fight with boxing state Champ was hard to grab him he... by Ray Chavez Dancers Footwork for Fighters Hey lost my your email could you send me another one to watch the videos I paid, dance footwork for... by Albert Vasquez cabana The Beginners Guide to Boxing The ULTIMATE GUIDE to boxing! CLICK HERE to begin! Recommended Boxing Head Movement How to Throw Killer Punch Combinations How to Increase Your Fighting Endurance How to Throw a Jab Boxing Defense Techniques Common Sense Boxing Diet Perfect Boxing Stance Width How to Hit a Speed Bag How to Wrap Your Hands ExpertBoxing EASY Boxing Workout 10 Heavy Bag Training Tips How to Lose a Fight (Skillfully) Hand Speed Drills and Exercises 10 Floyd Mayweather Boxing Tricks 10 Manny Pacquiao Boxing Tricks 7 Basic Boxing Combinations How To Punch Faster How To Fight Tired How To Find a Good Boxing Gym Johnnys Punching Combinations List 7 Easy Boxing Counters Training Out The Flinch Reflex 16 Basic Boxing Tips The Ultimate Boxing Jab Guide Popular Why Lifting Weights Wont Increase Punching Power 767 Comments Boxing Gloves Buyers Review 490 Comments What Boxing Gloves To Use 482 Comments Why Lifting Weights Wont Increase Punching Power PART 2 377 Comments Boxing Sparring for Beginners 365 Comments Are You Ready For Amateur Boxing? 349 Comments Most Important Muscles For Fighting 304 Comments How To Punch Harder 290 Comments Boxing Headgear Review 287 Comments Common Sense Boxing Diet 266 Comments Power Punching Secrets, PART 1: Two-Legged Punching 243 Comments Boxing Mailbag 7-31-12 224 Comments How to Throw a Snapping Punch 212 Comments Boxing Instructional Video and Ebook 203 Comments Deciding Between Orthodox or Southpaw 197 Comments Basics How to box Boxing punching Equipment Boxing gyms Tips Mailbag Techniques Punch techniques Defense techniques Movement Footwork Drills Training Bag training Mental training Sparring Workouts Diet Strategy Boxing styles Offense Defense Counter-punching Punch combinations Fight tips ExpertBoxing.com means nonstop boxing training for boxers worldwide. Fighters, trainers, and fitness enthusiasts visit daily to learn how to box. About EB About Contact Advertise Links Testimonials Terms of service Privacy policy Members Affiliates EB International Copyright 2008-2013 How to Box | ExpertBoxing. All rights reserved Home Boxing Training Boxing Training Routines Boxing Training Equipment Boxing Skills Footwork Punching Head Punching Body Body Movement Defense Analysis Foundation Recent Members About Subscribe Close Send My FREE Videos and Reports Please! * indicates required Email Address * First Name Do You want to Learn How to Box? Do you want access to a highly effective and reliable way of - Building genuine punching power - Generating blinding speed - Forming crushing strength and endurance All at ZERO COST to you? Time to Experience REAL Boxing Training! About Me M y name is Fran Sands and Im the founder of MyBoxingCoach.com. I first walked into a boxing gym at the age of 6 (back in 1978) and have never really left. After a career consisting of 60 contests I became a boxing coach in 1997. Since then I have put in place the right boxing training regimes to enable a host of boxers achieve success. In 2010 I founded the MyBoxingCoach website. The site has gone from strength-to-strength, with those who have an interest in using boxing as part of an all-round fitness regime reaping real rewards from the vast resource of FREE and professional quality videos and articles. Now I am able to help you reach your goals by way of delivering to you a set of super-effective boxing training video drills . These drills are the REAL DEAL that I have used in the gym for many years, and they cannot fail to help you develop your boxing skills. About The Video Drills T here a 6 highly structured and focused boxing footwork and movement drills that I will send to you. I will explain to you exactly how to incorporate these drills into a simple boxing training session . The drills start simple and build-in the right level of complexity so that you can develop at exactly the right pace. I will explain to you the 3 techniques used by elite boxers to move in and out with control and precision. These techniques I call The Staple, The Closer and The Stinger. I also provide insights on the vital principle of combining boxing skills, giving you a logical and easy-to-follow approach to link boxing footwork with head movement . These boxing training drills will form the basis of an authentic, precise and lung-busting boxing training regime that will enable you to amaze yourself with your accelerated progress. How These Drills Will Help You E ven though you might be using boxing training purely to establish a great level of all-round fitness, technical excellence in boxing training is critically important and something that you should strive for. This is because maintaining technical discipline for the duration of a round is incredibly tough. Your boxing training session will be more intense , challenging and therefore more effective in terms of your fitness levels. The drills will allow you to: Get the boxing basics right 95% of what elite fighters do are the basics , they just do them very well. These boxing training drills will instil the basics and allow you to build upon them in a structured and sensible way. Build super-effective footwork a great boxing stance and great footwork . These drills will enable you to remain fight effective for every second of every round, giving you the ability to significantly increase your punch rate . Get a true foundation for power punching Real power punching is more about technique than it is about muscles or body weight! A well-trained boxer will often punch much harder than a non-boxer who is significantly heavier and physically stronger. Benefit from slick balance and precise movement No more stumbling around in your shadow boxing or heavy bag work . You can move to the next level of capability with high quality skills! turbo-charge your boxing training session ! Send My FREE Videos and Reports Please! * indicates required Email Address * First Name But it doesnt end there! You also get 2 Top Reports Southpaw Versus Orthodox Explained! When two boxers meet in the ring, a key factor in the tactics used is whether they are left-handed or right-handed, that is southpaw or orthodox. In this report I describe in detail the benefits of each type of stance and what happens when they meet. There are insights on tactics, patterns of movement, lines of attack and key boxing combinations. Whether you are a southpaw or an orthodox, this report will really expand your knowledge and increase your capability! 10 Equipment Essentials For Boxing Success! Get the low down on the 10 pieces of basic equipment that I consider would constitute a great home boxing gym. From boxing gloves to heavy bags, from maize bags to motivation aids and hand wraps, its all in there. I give you advice for buying and using the boxing equipment that you are looking for. Impartial views with an emphasis on affordability and practicality, this report will give you everything you need to support your boxing training. Enter Your Email Below Lets Get Started! Send My FREE Videos and Reports Please! * indicates required Email Address * First Name I look forward to hearing from you soon and we can start this journey together. I make no false promises, I make no exaggerated claims. This is quite simply PROPER BOXING COACHING . If you have any questions or would like further information, leave a comment below or email me at fran@myboxingcoach.com Comments on this entry are closed. Get smart with the Thesis WordPress Theme from DIYthemes. WordPress Admin Home Boxing Blog Becoming a Boxer Preparing to Box Boxing Basics Boxing Training How to Punch Boxing Combinations Boxing Defense Boxing Tips Boxing Gear Body Workouts Weight Training Conditioning Nutrition Boxing News MMA How to Kick Weight Classes Product Reviews Boxing Advice Elderly Exercise Gym Locator Boxing Links Workout Music Fighting Cancer Disclaimer-Privacy Contact Us Your Story [ ? ]Subscribe To This Site Do you want to learn how to box? Welcome to Boxing for Life! This site is dedicated to teach individuals how to box, and to give back to the sport that has helped change my life. Here you will learn the basics of how to box and train. How many times have you flipped through the channels and caught yourself stopping to tune in to a scene from one of the Rocky movies? I, too, got caught up in the movie's theme of hard work and determination prevailing over all. As with most kids Rocky was the reason I got involved in the sport of boxing. Every time I would watch one of the movies I would find myself outside training to the soundtrack. What fascinated me the most was Rocky's pure determination to go the extra round. Even more impressive was the shape that Sylvester Stallone was in for the movies. It would not sink in until much later that boxing and conditioning is hard work. Everyone wants to either learn how to throw a punch or dodge one. However there is far more to boxing, such as getting your body ready and conditioned for what boxing is about to do to it.  Here you will learn the basics of boxing, from how to throw the common jab, cross, and hook, to learning proper form for push-ups, squats, pull-ups and chin-ups. Boxing exercises and weight training are just as important as learning to punch. This might seem overwhelming at first, but I have broken the site down into different steps ranging from beginner boxing tips all the way through advance boxing training works outs. Throughout these sessions you will begin learning how to box one step at a time. You will not only learn to box, but also how to condition your body. Soon this will become something that you look forward to. Learning to box will take time and a lot of effort. We will provide you the tips and tricks on everything you will need to know at no cost. It will not be an easy task but nothing good ever comes easy. Simply follow the on-site navigation bar on the left hand side of your screen in the order listed to progress through the program. I would like to personally be the first to welcome you to your one-stop shop on how to box. Good luck and good training.  Tyler Table of Content Boxing For Life Blog The boxing for life blog will keep you up to speed on all the latest changes on the site. Becoming a boxer Learn what it takes to becoming a boxer. preparing to box Preparing to Box outlines all of the basics a beginner will need to get involved in the sport of boxing Boxing basics This covers the boxing basics from how to throw your first punch to simple boxing drills you can do at home. boxing training Here I will discuss boxing training and how to approach it. How to Punch Here you will how to punch learning all of the basic boxing strikes. Boxing Combinations Here I have laid out some great boxing combinations with instructional videos. No fight is won by simply throwing the same punch over and over again this is why combinations are important. boxing defense Boxing defense is just as important as the offensive side so here we cover the basics. Boxing routine This is a sample boxing routine Sparring This page is an introduction to sparring discussing what sparring entails and what to expect. boxing tips Here you will find some great boxing tips to help start off your boxing training. boxing gear A quick look at what boxing gear you will need to get started. basic workouts Basic workouts to help increase strength without weights Boxing weight training Here we discuss boxing weight training and its importance for boxing. Advanced conditioning We will focus more on Advanced conditioning to prepare fighter to get into fighting shape. nutrition Nutrition plays a key role in your training and diet. Following good nutrition tips can lead to a healthier you. Boxing news Get your boxing news and anylsis here get the boxing for life take on the fight world. MMA In the world of combat sports MMA is an upcoming phenomena. Learn what it takes to get involved in the world of MMA. How To Kick Learn how to kick with this easy to follow guide with demonstrational videos weight classes weight classes HIIT training An introduction to HIIT (High intensity interval training) and its uses in boxing. Plyometrics An introduction to plyometrics and how they can benefit you. Boxing product reviews Read are boxing product reviews before making any major purchases. This will greatly decrease your chance of buying an inefficient product. boxing advice Free boxing advice have a question simply ask the boxing community googlee7e9931a02817a44 googlee7e9931a02817a44 The evolution of boxing Long time boxing coach Jim Thorpe has written an article in regards to the changing of boxing over the years. Jim Thorpe Here we offer the biography of our promoted boxing coach and writter Jim Thorpe. Promoted coaches A list of promoted boxing coaches who have given so much back to the sport. Evergel Glove wraps review This page has been dedicated to the review of the Evergel glove wraps. elderly exercise Aging is something we all must face. Here you will learn about elderly exercise and it's benefits. gym locator gym locator is the boxing for life database of gyms and trainers. boxing links boxing links Work out music Music really allows an athlete to bring their training to a new level. Let us share the work out music we listen to. fighting cancer My personal experience with cancer and my challenge to help those fighting cancer. Disclaimer-Privacy This is the disclaimer/privacy page covering all liabilities for boxing for life.com. contact us Contact us let us know what we can do to help you have a better experience at our website. Why Boxing Tell us why boxing what made you want to learn to box or what made you begin Boxing mouth guards Welcome to the boxing mouth guards page where you can learn about the importance of mouth guards and the major types. ÂŠ Copyright 2008 all rights reserved. SBI! WELCOME TO USAmateurBoxingCoaches.com (513) 931-0278 (513)-793-0234 Now accepting Ages 10 to 16! Email Us 2006 Update on my little Hero Marco Polo Finding great boxing Cleveland, Ohio Boxing Gym Boxing show sanction 11-17-2002 In Your Corner A Letter of Support from El Paso Texas An Observation . Great Job, Coach!!!!!! A True Coach Archived Articles Links: RinksBingo.com Northside Boxing Schoo l March 23, 2010 . This website designed by Website Advertising Inc Your thoughts email Giovanni per any boxing shows. Sincerely Coach John Falcone . . . . . Home About Us Press Getting Started Getting Started FAQs Schedules Locations Certification Level 1 Instructor Home Study Course Certification FAQs Licensing Licensing FAQs Blog Contact Us First step Get in the ring! Desire! Is it in you? Sacramento SantaÂ Monica Since our start in 1998, we have cultivated a exercise program based on competitive boxing and transformed it into the ultimate workout for you! This new, 45 minute fitness concept combined cardiovascular conditioning, boxing technique and some strength training within a safe, effective, progressive and systematic program. Realizing that people really enjoyed the personalized, small group training, Angelo and Cary kept their class/camp sizes small. This allowed Prime Time Boxing to know every members name and yell it out as soon as that member walked through the door. Read More Get Started People from all walks of life join. From the ex-athlete to the beginner, from the school janitor to the CEO of a business. Prime Time Boxing will take you through a progressive workout while learning boxing from the floor-up. We offer personalized small-group training for adults and children. Our staff does an excellent job of making you feel like more than just another member of a standard brick and mortar fitness gym. We take great pride in our gym, our program, the relationships we establish with our clients, and the results they achieve. We want to invite you to become a part of the family. Read More Schedules And Locations Prime Time Boxing opens in the morning, shuts down in the afternoon and opens back up again in the evening. People generally spend a majority of the day working. We have found the morning and evening classes work best for most people. We have 3 locations Sacramento, Roseville, Santa Monica. Call us, come on in, or check us out online wait you already are! Schedules Locations Contact Us Look If you are having a hard time motivating yourself then let us do it for you. If you are serious about your health, want to get in shape, lose weight, get a great workout, and learn how to defend yourself at the same time, well look no further. Make an appointment to join Prime Time Boxing today! Hey why are you still here? Make your appointment already! Contact Us A Word From PTB Jan 12 2014 Welcome to Prime Time Boxing! Welcome to Prime Time Boxing! Categories: Boxing, Amateur , Athlete , News , Boxing, Professional | Posted by: Cary Williams Hello Ladies and Gentlemen, Thank you for taking the time... Campaigns KO-Obesity campaign was launched. Prime Time Boxing worked with various schools across the United States in an effort to educate children about obesity and help them get on the path to a healthier lifestyle. Navigation Home About Us Press Getting Started Getting Started FAQs Schedules Locations Certification Level 1 Instructor Home Study Course Certification FAQs Licensing Licensing FAQs Blog Contact Us Contact Us Sacramento sacramento@primetimeboxing.com Roseville roseville@primetimeboxing.com Santa Monica stables@primetimeboxing.com Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS Cary-Williams.com Prime Time Boxing, 2014 Back to top Facebook Google+ Twitter Michigan Boxing Gym WhiteCollar Boxing Program MichiganBoxing Gym Womens AdultBoxing YouthProgram Products Charity Howto wrap hands Links Links1 Links2 IrishNational Anthem Contactus: 313.581.5085 YouthIrish Team Catalog HAPKIDO-SelfDefense Photo2 Home of the Irish Boxing Team (313) 581.8575 Special ends Saturday Start the New Year Right, get into shape today! Boxing is a Fun total body workout. We offer separate classes for beginners, amateurs and professionals. Wheather you are interested in getting in to shape or training for an upcoming event, we have the program for you! We offer separate classes for beginners and beginners are always welcome . Men-Women-Children We offer an excellent amateur boxing program. If you are interested in boxing for fitness or training for an upcoming event, we have the program for you. Welcome to the most exciting sports experience you've ever encountered! Boxing is without a doubt the most rewarding and challenging sport available to America's Youth today. The combination of athleticism, physical and mental conditioning, sportsmanship, and self-worth that you will develop form boxing are unequalled in any other sport. Boxing will teach you to rely on yourself, to value the input of others, and most importantly to respect both your skills and those of others. You will develop a level of self-confidence that you will carry with you for the rest of your life. You will also find that this is one ot the most challenging things that you will ever do. So, if you are looking for a challenging, mentally stimulating, physically demanding and just plain fun activity, then you found it ... BOXING. Is Boxing Safe? Excellent question! And one that any self-respecting parent should definitely ask. It is important to us that you understand how much we are concerned about the safety of you child. Amateur boxing ranks 71st among sports for injuries. Sports such as wrestling, diving, gymnastics, and even badminton are ranked above it. There are countless precautions and safety measures taken at every level to protect the athlete. Amateur boxing in NOT about knocking your opponent out! In comparison to professional boxing, the objective and even the scoring system are entirely different. Amateur boxing is scored on a system where each technically correct punch is worth one point. A good jab scores the same only for the punch or punches that lead to it. The focus of each contest is on scoring as many cumulative points as possible, not on taking unneccessary punches in order to deliver one hard punch. Amateur boxing is possibly the most regulated and supervisied sport of any amateur competition. It requries weigh-ins and physicals before each match. Another physical exam is done after each bout. Also, the equipment used in competion must meet rigorous specifications set down by USA/Boxing. All boxers are required to wear protective equipment including gloves, headgear, fitted mouthpiece, groin protection and in the event of a female bout, chest protection. Even the padding in the rings meet defined specifications. As you can see, amateur boxing takes great steps to insure that when your child is here, we are doing everything possible to protect them. When the sport of boxing is properly coached and supervisied; amateur boxing can be an extremely fulfilling and valuable experience for today's youth. It should be used as a vehicle to instruct sportsmanship, values of conditioning a positive realse of frustration and energy, as weel as building self-confidence and character. Boxing for Youth- What is good about boxing? What is good about boxing? To begin with, boxing is a proven delinquency deterrent. The positive impact that boxing has on at risk kids is amazing. Unlike some other sports, boxing has a kind of tough guy image that is accepted in even the toughtest circles. A kid's friends might make fun of him or her playing soccer or tennis, but nobody harasses a boxer. Once the athlete is involved, the effect of a structured, organized program is almost immediate. All of a sudden, the youngster has a positive release of energy and frustration. The knowledge that the gym is a safe haven from the street can also serve as a very comforting thing. The impact of a properly run boxing program is not limited to any one group. We have a tendency to focus on the at risk kids because we want to show how boxing can have a positive effect on a problem area. That's not to overlook the fact that all kids need positive influence in their lives. The advantages of being involved in a properly run boxing program apply to all kids, no matter what their backrounds are. It's very rewarding to take a proble kid off the streests and help to turn him or her around, but that doesn't mean that it is not just as important to provide influence on all the other kids, too! What sort of Positive Influences? Lets go over some of the things that go into building character. By starting with, confidence, one of the primary benefits of being involved in a properly run boxing program is gaining confidence, by developing their skills in the ring and learning how to train properly to be in the right shape, athletes become very confident in themselves. This is a sort of trait that everyone wants to see our young people develop. Along with confidence comes sportsmanship. Amateur boxing focuses on being a good sport. Boxers learn not only how to be good loses, but even more importantly, good wingers. In the average gym, less than 1% of the athletes will become professional boxers, but all of them will become contributing members of society. In a properly run gym, boxers will learn the skills that will make them better people. The sense of self-worth that comes with achieving the difference skill levels of this sport is immeasurable. Another big advantage is the fact that through the process of discipline and goal-setting learned in a good program, a youngster learns to be self-motivated and much more aware of the fact that doing the right thins make good things happen. Another big positive to be gained from Amateur boxing is its influence on controlling Anger and Aggression. Boxing by design is a proven deterrent to anger and aggression problems. Athletes in a properly run boxing program learn that losing their temper or being overly aggressive is extremely counter-productive. An athlete soon learns that self-control is as important as being in good shape. We all know howimportant it is to have an effective way to control and positively direct aggression in today's youth. Another big advantage is the size and experience factor. Amateur boxing is divided into weight classes, so you do not have the weight discrepancies that you have in other sports like football. Instructors/Trainers Our staff consist of Internationally certified Boxing Trainers. Each class consist of several Coaches/Trainers on the floor, therefore every member receives the quaility attention that he/she deserves. Prices-Click on Photo We offer a very high quailty of instruction and training. Our prices are very affordable and family plans are avaiable. Learn in a Professional and comfortable atmosphere Serving Michigan since 1979. Please call for an appointment (313)-581-8575 Michigan Boxing Gym/Club is U.S. Registered and Copyright Trademark CLICK HERE FOR MORE ON THE IRISH BOXING GYM 2007 WELCOME TO USAmateurBoxingCoaches.com (513) 931-0278 ( 513)- 793-0234 Now Accepting Ages 10 to 16! Email Us Home Page 2006 Update on my little Hero Marco Polo Cleveland, Ohio Boxing Gym Boxing show sanction To Set the Record Straight. 11-17-2002 In Your Corner Personal coach/boxer rule taken out of our rules by USA Boxing Headquarters. . Great Job, Coach!!!!!! A True Coach Boxing Club in Riverside, California- donated boxing equipment Archived Articles Links: RinksBingo.com Northside Boxing Schoo l . This website designed by info@websiteadvertising.com AGES 10-16 years are welcome. LOCATION 9651 Hamilton Ave. Mt. Healthy. COMPARE VS. ___________________ GiovanniFalcone@Hotmail.com . . . . . . Cougar Boxing Club - Edmonton Home of Champions about Cougar Boxing page, or call Edmonton info@cougarboxing.com Home of Erik Chopin - "The Biggest Loser Season 3 Winner." Home of Kristin Havdoglous 2009 New York Daily News Golden Gloves 141 Pound Champion. "A Fighting Chance" "Long Island Boxing Gym - The Slip Rope" We've Moved! Ultimate Boxing Address List Home About Testimonials Boxing Help Classifieds Jewelry Boxing News Central NY Boxing HOF Weekend Links/Contact Information Link To Us Links , the , , and our selection of . feedback awards additional details FREE Autographs from your favorite boxer . Check out how to order Exercise balls Boxing Tickets click here ULTIMATE BOXING ADDRESS LIST. : other BoxingHelp.com updates. Live News Wire Click for Your New Digest 1. RSS Feed Informer BOOK REVIEW About Boxing, Sports, and TV The Collector's Corner Boxing Collectors News (BCN) Find the Boxing Equipment You Need at Title Boxing BoxingHelp.com Web Ring [ Join Now | Ring Hub | Random | Prev | Next ] This Site is Real Web Host The Fighter's Factory Home Boxing Circuit Gallery Contact Us Videos Fight Night Register Â  Print The gym works in a way so that everyone gets what they want out of it, whether it be to box competitively, lose weight and get fit or to learn some self defence. Men and women of all ages are welcome to train here. Naturally, people who train regularly will be shown more than those who train on a casual basis. However, people who want to have a whack on the bags every now and then are just as welcome. Donât expect personalised attention when you first start training, this will come to those who show dedication and commitment. Nothing goes unnoticed. Finally, please respect the equipment. The speed balls and floor to ceiling balls are for speed, timing and accuracy not power punching. So keep you head down, hands up and train hard. Welcome To Daily boxing circuits, as well as one-on-one personal training available. Drop into the gym and see us at 3-5 Blackburn Rd, Blackburn , or give us a call on (03) 9877 7344 . Designed by JoomlArt.com . About Us Knockout Fitness is the creation of Frank Wood. Frank has been active in the sport of boxing since 1991, when he began his amateur career through the United States Amateur Boxing Association. More... Our Gallery Click here For View Our Gallery Conveniently Located At One Block off Franklin Pike and Craighead in Berry Hill Welcome The world of boxing has been heralded for producing some of the fittest athletes in sports. The quality of a boxer's workout has received much attention nationwide and has taken a prominent place in the world of fitness as an effective and complete total body workout. Under the Knockout Fitness program, our clients have seen dramatic results in toning, weight loss and endurance. At Knockout Fitness we strive to provide you professional and knowledgeable boxing fitness training in a friendly and enjoyable environment. Knockout Fitness offers a fully-equipped boxing gym including a 20' boxing ring, cardio equipment and free weights. Boxing for fitness is a fun, easy to learn workout that will get you mentally and physically into the best shape of your life. The benefits are upper and lower body strength, coordination, various punching, kicking and self defense techniques, cardiovascular endurance and stamina. When compared to other exercise programs you will find that Knockout Fitness will give you superior results. Burning fat and calories comes naturally and looking fit and trim is the reward. Here is what one of our clients, a top strength and conditioning coach has to say: Andy Williams "I have trained athletes from all-state to all-pro and there is no other fitness program that boosts the heart rate and metabolism as fast as Frank's boxing program does." Statistics overwhelmingly point to ways exercise helps the bodyfrom lowering the risk of heart attacks and strokes to preventing many forms of cancer. It helps keep your bones and joints in working order and keeps back problems away. Women can also combat bone loss, depression, breast cancer and more. Studies also show that exercise provides for an improved state of mind by raising levels of important chemicals in the brain such as endorphins, adrenaline and serotonin. Copyright 2008. All rights reserved Home | About Us | Services | Gallery | Contact Us Please Note This site uses Javascript. It seems that Javascript is disabled in your browser. So this site might not work properly for you. Home What We Offer Our Trainers Session Times useful Information Upcoming Events News Australia Day Public Holiday Read More Robbie Bryant vs Dennis Hogan Read More View all News email us Welcome to Boxing For Fitness We are a boxing gym that provides fitness training for our members who represent all fitness levels and walks of life. The time tested benefits of boxing training are evident in the results achieved! Boxing training will make you physically stronger and aerobically fitter. The challenge of learning new skills (speedball, pad work etc.) in a unique, exciting and safe atmosphere is great for your health and confidence. Our boxing training provides one of the most demanding full body workouts of any sport. Boxing will increase muscle tone, lower body fat, improve reflexes and upper body strength. Website by Bam Creative Sitemap | Contact Us Home Events About Us Contact Us Coaches Meet the Boxers Lady Warriors Fighter Of The Month Congratulations In Memory of 2007 State Fair Sponsorship Support Links Vitamins and supplements Golden Gloves 2011 www.clevelandinnercityboxing.com Home of the Warriors Brighterside boxing is now know as Cleveland Inner City Boxing. WE ARE WARRIORS boxing boxing Clevelands Inner City Boxing Menu Skip to content Home Music Shows and Events Galleries Photographs Videos Calendar Sponsorship Business Sponsors Individual Sponsors Other Sponsorship Links Contact Us Activities Childrens classes Coaches Halifax ABC Boxing Commitee Location Safety Policies Training Main page ONE TO ONE PRIVATE LESSONS AVAILABLE, CALL MICK ROWE ON 07870 266002 We are now on Twitter, please follow us @HalifaxBoxing Welcome to the website of Halifax Boxing Sports and Fitness Center, we hope you enjoy your visit and return on a regular basis to catch up on any new additions to our site. Club opening times. DAY GROUP TIME Monday Juniors up to age 16 years 6 â 7pm Seniors age 16+ 7 â 8pm Tuesday 6 -Â 7pm Â Carded (competition) boxers 7 -Â 8pm Wednesday Juniors up to age 16 years 6 â 7pm Seniors age 16+ 7 â 8pm Thursday 7Â â 7pm Carded (competiton) boxers 7Â â 8pm Friday Juniors up to age 16 years 6 â 7pm Seniors age 16+ 7 â 8pm Saturday 10 Â â 11am Sunday Open to all age groups experience 12 noonÂ  â 1pm OnlyÂ ÂŁ4 Adults ÂŁ3 Juniors per session. Club History The Halifax Boxing Club was established in October 2002 by Mick Rowe. The Club began in a small lock-up in Old Lane, it quickly became very popular and toÂ gain affiliation to the Amateur Boxing Association (ABA) we moved to our impressive new premises at Ladyship Mills, Old Lane,Â Ovenden inÂ 2006. Since then,Â the club has grown from strength to strength and trained many champions. In 2010, we had a junior novice champion, a senior novice champion and an ABA championÂ and we are very proud of all these achievements and the clubs success to date. The club has just recently gained ABAE Clubmark accreditation that Mick and everyone involved haveÂ been working very hard towards.Â We are very proud to be one of only a few boxing clubs in Yorkshire to recieve this prestigious accolade. Boxing in Schools Halifax Police Boxing Club have been actively working with schools in Calderdale for the past 2 years, with successful programmes in schools including Halifax Grammar, Halifax High and Queensbury, where the children and schools are benefitting greatly from the courses provided. The club has gainedÂ the prestigious ABAE Clubmark. Skills and values taught to pupils at our classes include: * Fitness Administration HxABC is a not for profit making organisation run by local volunteers. We have the support of Voluntary Action for Calderdale and particularly thank Mark Burnside for his help. During the last year we have successfully secured sponsorship from a wide variety of sources including The National Lottery and local businesses. We do however need further sponsorship to improve the facilities we are able to offer. Please see our Sponsors section for further information. Our Aims The boxing sport and fitness club is situated in an area that government statistics reveal has a very high level of depravation. We aim to provide activities that will particularly appeal to children, adolescents, women and young adults within the local area. We believe the training provided is amongst the best available for improving fitness with consequent improvement in health and well being. For more details please see the Activities and Training pages. The Story So Far The boxing club caters mainly for children aged 9 and above, adolescents, women and young adults. Sessions available include boxercise (women only) 16 years 16+ and a separate section for boxers. Most people attending the club do so to improve fitness or look good; they are not under pressure to compete. However, our boxers have had great success in competition winning two thirds of their bouts. One became a Yorkshire Senior Novice finalist at his first attempt. The Future? Our premises have significant potential as a venue for a variety of other sporting and leisure activities that could benefit the local community. When sponsorship becomes available we hope to widen the scope of activities to include Spinning, Weight Training, Pool and other leisure activities. Latest Video Title Halifax Amateur Boxing Club #1 Runtime 4:14 Description The Halifax Boxing Club was established in October... News Headlines David Vera Fighters of the Night Great first fight night of the season Eleven Halifax boxers and two guest bouts. David Senior fighter of the night. and Junior boxer of the night in her first ever fight Vera against an opponent with two fights. What a great performance Vera. The whole club is so proud!!!! ďťżAnother win for Dale in York Dale wins by knockout in York Thursday night. Body shot in the first round . Well done Bomber Dale. Jack Sellars wins in Liverpool. Jack Sellars wins in Liverpool. Semi finals here we come. Halifax boxing club. Well done HXABC Sports Club of the Year 2013. Coach hardWin Easy Well done HXABC sports club of the year. Jack sellers wins in Sunderland Jack sellers wins in Sunderland. Well done jack. Great performance, Also Kyle Scully what a great fight against a lad with 38 fights 35 wins made him look easy. Honour loyalty. Â  Â  www.peaksportsnutrition.com Widget Ready This left column is widget ready! Add one in the admin panel. Widget Ready This center column is widget ready! Add one in the admin panel. Widget Ready This right column is widget ready! Add one in the admin panel. WordPress . sporty theme by Ossie.   Home Contact Locations Contents Calendar Contact Contact Denver Boxing Academy How to wrap your hands Locations Main Home Page Boxing for Children Boxing for Children Schedule Boxing for Personal Self Defense Intermediate Group Work Out Non Contact Boxing Schedule Non-Contact Boxing On-Line Boxing course Members Only Forum Instructional Videos Proper Eating Non-Contact Photos Youth/Children Photos How to wrap your hands Other Places InsideBoxing IB Promotions Colorado Athletic Club Network Streets USBL USBL.Amateur Elite Amateur Action Main Home Page admin on June 22, 2012 TAKE CONTROL OF YOUR BODY Donât let your body take control of you! The best way to stay healthy is to watch your diet and exercise! Muscles in your body are there for a reason, and simply put they become weak and deteriorate if not utilized. Â As we get into a daily routine of âwake-up go to work go to bedâ? we only use the same muscles neglecting other muscles in our bodies. You can jog or lift weights everyday but still not provide your body with a complete muscle workout. Ever thought of boxing? Probably not, why would you. But think about it, boxers are one of the most complete athletes when it comes to body conditioning. Wouldnât it be nice if you could mimic the work out of a professional boxer, and actually learn the art of boxing? Well now you can, without the contact and sparring portion! In addition to training professional and amateur boxers, The Denver Boxing Academy Fitness Center now offers a non-contact routine that will have you in the best shape of your life! Get in shape with our non-contact boxing course The Denver Boxing Academy has teamed up with the Colorado Athletic Club (16th and Welton) to bring you a non-contact boxing class that is REAL boxing. You will learn the art of boxing as our Professional and Amateurs do only without the contact. Read more Classes starting soon! Boxing for Personal Self Defense Once you have learned the art of boxing you will realize how this new found method of exercising, not only will keep you healthy and fit but you will realize how effective it will become should you ever need to use your skills in a dangerous situation. Read More âre going to like the way you feel and love the way you look!â? Announcements If you would like to be notified as we schedule future classes, email me at admin@denverboxingacademy.com or use the contact form by clicking on "Contact" on this website. ****No Slacking Zone**** . Personal Self Defense Boxing Course for Children! "Children can learn much from boxing, defensive skills, discipline, self esteem, confidence and respect toward life are a few assets. Children who learn to box are less likely to panic should they ever run into a life threatening or bullying situation, they will also be more open to talk to their parents about awkward encounters." Click here for details! Search Search for: Gym Shots Denver Boxing Academy . All Rights Reserved. Back to top 
