 25 February 2014 Login Home About Grand Master Kang Uk Lee UKTSDF Committee Acknowledgement Belt Colours The Korean Flag The Moo Duk Kwan Emblem Terminology Tang Soo Do History UK History Clubs Gradings 10th Gup to 9th Gup 9th Gup to 8th Gup 8th Gup to 7th Gup 7th Gup to 6th Gup 6th Gup to 5th Gup 5th Gup to 4th Gup 4th Gup to 3rd Gup 3rd Gup to 2nd Gup 2nd Gup to 1st Gup 1st Gup to 1st Dan Events Gallery Results Contact Us Home About Clubs Gradings Events Contact Us Tang Soo Do - Moo Duk Kwan What We Do Introduction What Is Tang Soo Do? Mission Statement Introduction Tang Soo Do was introduced to the United Kingdom by Master Kang Uk Lee who, in 1974, was invited to organise the United Kingdom Tang Soo (Soo Bahk) Do Federation. In 1989, Grand Master Lee founded the International (UK) Tang Soo (Soo Bahk) Do Federation (ITSDF). Tang Soo Do classes are available throughout the United Kingdom and the world and is proving to be a highly successful and ever growing martial art. What Is Tang Soo Do? Mission Statement The United Kingdom Tang Soo (Soo Bahk) Do Federation [UKTSDF] is dedicated to the provision of high quality Korean Martial Art education and training. The Federation aims to strengthen its contribution to the international provision of higher Tang Soo Do education/training and to develop further its national and international reputation. It intends to build upon the existing productive linkages with existing national governing bodies and to meet any specific needs especially disabled students, women and children. The UKTSDF intends to remain an institution, which is responsive to changing environmental and technical excellence, and its management will work constantly to sustain and develop further an internal climate, which is receptive to the aim. The total activity of the UKTSDF will be dedicated towards providing a stimulating learning environment for students. The instructors will be encouraged to explore new ideas in teaching, learning and research and to pursue technical initiatives compatible with the UKTSDF ethos. Contact Us Copyright 2014 ITSDF/UKTSDF Privacy Statement Terms Of Use 
