 Chon's Korean Karate Home About us Philosophy History Demonstrations Curriculum Schedule Location Schools Student Section Rules and Flags Beginner Belts Green Belts Red Belts Black Belts Federation Masters Welcome to Chon's Karate - Headquarters of the Asia Tang Soo Do Federation Chon's Karate school (est. 1992) has been teaching youth and adults in the Belle Vernon area for twenty years. Our primary focus is to bring every student to better themselves through fitness and self-defense. Without health and security, one has little. Through constant and regular motion and exercise, mental discipline, and the skills of self-defense student work towards important life goals. Through our program students gain courage to face challenges, self-discovery through kinetic learning, and respect for themselves and for others . The schools in our federation are united in fellowship and curriculum. Instructors and students alike foster a national, healthy, inter-school community. United to our grandmaster: K.H.Chon, our instructors guide student's growth in tang soo do with a common curriculum of forms, weapons, and philosophy. This website is a dual-function website. This is both Headquarter's Website and the Federation Hub. Using the Tool Bar on the left, you can visit the websites of A.T.F. Schools in other areas. If you have any questions that are not answered on our website, please email us. If it's something that can benefit from, you may see a change on the site (and you would still receive a direct email from us). Please, visit our blog and add it to your RSS feed- or sign up at bottom of this home page to receive our bimonthly newsletter. (724)-929-3822 - chonskoreankarate@gmail.com K.H. Chon Train well. Train hard. We hope to see you in the gym. We are a modest federation of schools currently found in the United States. Schools open and close in various places and times for many reasons, but the stability and teaching of karate perseveres in the hearts of all its students. If you would like to join our mission by starting a school or joining your school to our federation please contact us. * Private Classes are available through individual arrangement. ** Wednesday nights are sparring classes. How did you hear about this site? * Internet Search Advertisement Friend Other If Other please specify: * Submit For our Free Newsletter and Information Email * Comment * Submit free website Weebly 
