 Home Programs Soo Bahk Do About the Art Our Founder Philosophy Kids Program Adults Program Testing Requirements Dan Members MMAA Combinations Moo Pahl Dan Khum Fitness Program Self-Defense Iaido/Aikido Instructors Class Schedule Galleries Photos Videos Contact Us News & Events National Festival (Cherry Hill, NJ) July 17th 21st read more Day at the Shores August 24th read more Gup Test September 6th 7th read more OC Kicks SurfNinja (Dana Point) September 14th read more End of Summer PotLuck October 12th read more Dan Pre Test October 12th read more KDJSS November 15th 22nd read more Gup Test December 6th 7th read more Holiday Party December 21st read more Find us on Facebook Welcome to Miramar Martial Arts Academy Strive for Personal Excellence! S ince our opening in 1996, Miramar Martial Arts Academy has been providing high quality instruction to the San Diego Central community in the classical Korean Martial Art of Soo Bahk Do (Tang Soo Do) and also offering Fitness Kickboxing. The motto of the studio is Strive for Personal Excellence. Our programs are open to students of all ages, from 4-5 year old Tiger Tots through adults. Help yourself or your child develop the leadership skills of perseverance, strength, and mental stamina. We have something for everyone. H ere at the Academy, our main objective is to integrate the physical, mental, and spiritual aspects into our training. Our Academy can help you achieve many goals, including: Increase self-esteem and self-confidence Improve self-discipline and focus Develop endurance, coordination, and balance Reinforce positive qualities like Courage, Humility, and inner Peacefulness Get and stay in great physical shape Learn to defend yourself Make new friends and Have lots of Fun!!! Any Man, Woman or Child can learn Soo Bahk Do. Age, sex, or fitness levels are no barriers to mastering this Art. Here is our promise to you: To help you organize and focus your thoughts. To help you set clear and obtainable goals. To help you face challenges and overcome obstacles. To provide the best instruction in this Classical Martial Art of Soo Bahk Do. T o begin, all you need is the desire to learn. So come in to look , listen , learn , and apply and may we all grow together. T he School has been a fully accredited member of the United States Soo Bahk Do Moo Duk Kwan Federation since 1996 and is owned and operated by Thomas M. Thai, a Master Instructor who has been studying Soo Bahk Do for over 20 years. Copyright 2010 Miramar Martial Arts Academy. Designed by Flash Templates Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | XHTML | CSS 
