 Taido World Control Panel for Members Featured: Calendar Find a Taido Dojo Media Blogs Articles What is Taido? History Taido is a martial art created in Japan by Seiken Shukumine. He had formerly created the Genseiryu school of karate, but grew to see karate as limited and unchanging. In 1965, he expanded his theories of motion beyond the confines of what could be considered karate and founded Taido. Movement Movement plays such a big role in Taido, that to many it looks like a combination of Capoeira and Karate. Taido emphasizes the use of footwork to take advantageous angles and distance to the opponent. The techniques utilize changes of the body’s axis in order to facilitate simultaneous defense and attack. Creativity Taido’s strategic element is based on creative responses to unfolding situations rather than preset patterns of attack and defense. Taidos competition forms also allow room for creativity, and even reward inventiveness. Creativity also allows teachers to keep training sessions fun and refreshing. Health Taido’s movements are designed for promoting health and longevity. Taido students will also develop mentally, by having more confidence and by learning to find creative solutions to problems. Furthermore, because Taido is a Japanese martial art, it stimulates students to develop the 7 virtues of bushido. International Taido News: What is the most common reason, the sports club and its activities do not appear on the leaves pa ... Posted on Feb 24th, 2014 - By taidofeed - 0 Comments Continue Reading Taido is involved in a Zen-Expo the first weekend of March! Come and join our ... Posted on Feb 21st, 2014 - By taidofeed - 0 Comments Continue Reading Clubs! Pass the word, young people to participate and instructors in! There will fine ... Posted on Feb 20th, 2014 - By taidofeed - 0 Comments Continue Reading Might Tampere Film! Now, yes leave the parrot character! Posted on Feb 18th, 2014 - By taidofeed - 0 Comments Continue Reading Community news: Documents for the annual meeting is now ... Finally, Ive updated the la... Hey, so heres an interestin... Whats Taido? Finally, the a... Email * Translation English Dansk Deutsch Español Français Nederlands Norsk Português Suomi Svenska 日本語 by Official WTF website (external) Taido News News from Taido Associations News from Social Media Links for members Taido Projects About Taidoworld Scroll Up 
