 | wecare@jtech.com Facebook Facebook Twitter Twitter LinkedIn LinkedIn Youtube Youtube Google+ Google Home Industry Restaurants Guest Paging iPad Wait List App Server Paging Table Management Healthcare Church Nursery Hotels Resorts Retail Pharmacy Auto Dealers Casinos Additional Markets Solutions Pagers Paging Systems Wait List Apps Restaurant App Suite Restaurant Table Management Text Messaging Apps Wireless Call Buttons Two-Way Radios Support About JTECH Contact Us 4 Million Seated Guests and Counting! JTECH Wait List App Wait List App Suite 350,000 Text Messages per day JTECH Church Nursery Solutions Increase Membership Provide Peace of Mind Keep Parents Connected Wireless Solutions for Medical Practices Registration Outpatient Services Surgical Waiting Patient, Family and Staff Wireless Messaging Solutions Guest Paging Systems Hotels & Resorts Wireless Paging and Messaging Solutions Wireless Call Buttons Wireless Solutions for Retail Spinnaker™ App Suite includes our remarkable iPad Wait List App with Table Management, Restaurant Pagers, Healthcare Patient Pagers, Patient Wait List, Staff Messaging App, Church Nursery Pagers, Wireless Call Buttons and more At JTECH we are more than restaurant pagers. Our amazing apps for restaurants, healthcare, retail and a host of other industries, are powerful, affordable and intuitive. Our high tech tools combine text messaging and paging so you and your customers have a choice. Restaurant Wait List Healthcare Patient Pagers Church Nursery Paging Systems Pharmacy Paging Systems Auto Dealer Paging Systems Restaurant Paging Systems Healthcare Paging Systems Hotel and Resort Paging Systems Retail Paging Systems Casino Paging Systems Extensive Suite of Text Messaging Apps, Pagers and Paging Systems Our on-site paging systems and wait list apps solve communication problems for diverse industries including restaurants, medical facilities, hospitals, retailers, stadiums arenas, manufacturing facilities and a host of others.  Our full line of wireless tools include:   iPad   wait list apps, table management and text messaging apps,  restaurant pagers, server pagers, patient pagers, church nursery pagers, wireless call buttons, alphanumeric text pagers.   Our wireless paging and messaging systems allow you to choose the application that best meets your needs, budget and company objectives. Medical Facilities Benefit from Improved Patient Flow and Patient Satisfaction We design and develop our wireless apps and devices.  Patient pagers, patient family wait list apps with text messaging, medical staff messaging and wireless call buttons for exam rooms streamline the communication process. Hospitals, Clinics, Medical Groups, Doctors Offices, Nursing Homes and others depend on our innovative, user friendly technology to improve patient flow, increase staff efficiency and enhance patient satisfaction. Superior Value and Exceptional Performance JTECH wireless paging systems, text messaging solutions and cloud based apps are designed and manufactured to our specifications. JTECH provides the most reliable selection of restaurant pagers, customer and staff pagers to meet your unique application requirements. Pager styles range from rechargeable to alkaline models so that you can choose the pager that will best suit your application. Our GuestPass™ restaurant pagers, QuikCall™ server and staff pagers, QuikText™ top mount alpha text pagers, MediPass™ medical pagers, and ShopperPass™ retail pagers are all rechargeable with field replaceable batteries, providing years of useful life and designed to save you time and money. Unlimited Pager Expansion and Integration to Diverse Systems JTECH’s wireless paging systems are designed to work with all JTECH restaurant pagers, healthcare patient pagers, and retail pagers. We make it easy to add more pagers. We manage your pager numbers, so you don’t have to. Restaurant Pagers, Healthcare Patient and Family Pagers, Church Nursery Pagers, Wait List apps with Paging and Text Messaging, Table Management, Wireless Call Buttons and more… Testimonials The only people who love the pagers more than our hosts, are our guests. The JTECH system works. Jake & Michael Levy , Desperado's, Dallas, TX The Spinnaker Restaurant App Suite has been a game changer for our busy restaurant. It has enabled us to streamline our wait procedures and we are able to run our restaurant more effectively. Our guests have noticed the improved service and we've experienced repeat customer visits. This was a simple and affordable upgrade. Doug Horn , Dough Pizzeria You can always count on JTECH for a quality product with amazing and efficient service. W. Hudson , BoomerJack's Restaurants Guest Paging iPad Wait List App Server Paging Restaurant Table Management Restaurant Wait List App Suite Text Messaging Apps Two-Way Radios Healthcare Patient Family Pagers Healthcare Paging Systems Wait List Apps Staff Messaging Systems Text Messaging Apps Two-Way Radios Wireless Call Buttons | Push Button Paging Systems Churches Church Nursery Pagers Church Paging Systems Parent Messaging App Wireless Call Buttons for Classrooms Two-Way Radios Retail Pharmacy Paging System Auto Dealerships Wireless Call Buttons | Push Button Paging Systems Two-Way Radios Facebook Facebook Twitter Twitter LinkedIn LinkedIn Youtube Youtube Google+ Google Copyright © 2014 JTECH Communications, Inc.                      Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Sitemap | Blog 
