 Mobile Email Updates People February Icons Johnny Cash George Washington Abraham Lincoln Rosa Parks Hank Aaron Whitney Houston Popular Groups Famous Academy Award Winners Famous TV Doctors Black History Famous Civil Rights Activists Country Legends Winter Olympic Athletes Pictures Oscar-Winning Portrayals Muhammad Ali The Bee Gees Where Are They Now? Famous Lookalikes Historic Hair Bands In the Headlines Matthew McConaughey Chiwetel Ejiofor Sandra Bullock Harold Ramis Nancy Kerrigan Jason Collins See all people TV Shows BIO Classroom Biography Casanova Killers Escaping Evil: My Life in a Cult Gangsters: America's Most Evil Ghost Bait Haunted Encounters Look Who's Stalking Mobsters My Evil Sister My Haunted House Notorious Stalked By A Ghost The Ghost Inside My Child see all shows Tune in Tuesdays @ 8/7c Mobsters Tune in Tuesdays @ 9/8c Gangsters See all bio TV See schedule Video Martin Luther King Jr. Call to Activism Legacy House Bombing American Freedom Stories Watch Video Series Civil Rights Foot Soldiers Sheyann Webb Fred Shuttlesworth Black History Events Montgomery Bus Boycott Bloody Sunday Children's Crusade Bombing of the 16th Street Baptist Church Presidents Day Abraham Lincoln George Washington Barack Obama Franklin D. Roosevelt See all videos PHOTOS Game BLOG ON THIS DAY SHOP MOST POPULAR Paul Simon: Under African Skies Blu-Ray Blu-Ray $29.98 Buy Now Celebrity Ghost Stories Carrie Fisher, Rue McClanahan, John Waters, Federico Castelluccio DVD DVD $24.95 Buy Now Shop now SEE WHAT'S ON TONIGHT! Mobsters - Tune in Tuesdays @ 8/7c Tonight on Bio 8:00 PM TV14 Mobsters: Jimmy "The Gent" Burke Made famous by Martin Scorcese s film Goodfellas, Jimmy "The Gent" Burke was one of the most prolific mob earners in New York history. But after the success of the infamous Lufthansa Heist, Burke unleashed a wave of murders that rocked New York City, and led to his downfall. 9:00 PM TV14 V Gangsters: America's Most Evil: The Mongol Warlord: Ruben "Doc" Cavazos Following a deadly brawl between the Hells Angels and Mongols Motorcycle Clubs in 2002, Cavazos came to national prominence. During his reign as the Mongols' president, he expanded the club's membership by recruiting local street thugs with affiliations to the Mexican Mafia. Federal agents say Doc's aim was to take on the Hells Angels and run a massive criminal enterprise engaged in drug running, murder and intimidation. But Doc's power grab came with consequences. During his time in charge, agents with the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives infiltrated the club and piled on the evidence for a federal racketeering indictment. Many Mongols say Cavazos' hunger for fame would be his ultimate downfall and drive him to turn on his brothers. 10:00 PM TV14 V-L Gangsters: America's Most Evil: The Mayor of Harlem: Alberto "Alpo" Martinez This episode profiles the rise and fall of Albert "Alpo" Martinez, dubbed the Mayor of Harlem. Alpo and two childhood friends, Azie Faison and Rich Porter, would become kings of the inner city in the mid-1980 s. But like the high itself, the cocaine brotherhood did not last. Azie narrowly escaped with his life. Rich Porter would not be so lucky. Alpo would admit to killing his old friend and 13 other murders. He s now serving hard time for his crimes. Times shown are ET ADVERTISEMENT Share Laila Ali biography 1 photo Quick Facts NAME: OCCUPATION: Boxer Television Personality BIRTH DATE: December 30 , 1977 EDUCATION: PLACE OF BIRTH: Florida AKA: Full Name: ZODIAC SIGN: Capricorn Best Known For American athlete Laila Ali, daughter of legendary boxer Muhammad Ali, has established her own reputation as a boxing champion and television personality. Quiz Think you know about Biography? Answer questions and see how you rank against other players. Play Now Home People Laila Ali Print Cite This Laila Ali APA Style Laila Ali. (2014). The Biography Channel website . Retrieved 04:08, Feb 25, 2014, from http://www.biography.com/people/laila-ali-20968407 . Harvard Style Laila Ali . [Internet]. 2014. The Biography Channel website. Available from: http://www.biography.com/people/laila-ali-20968407 [Accessed 25 Feb 2014]. MLA Style "Laila Ali." 2014. The Biography Channel website . Feb 25 2014, 04:08 http://www.biography.com/people/laila-ali-20968407 . MHRA Style "Laila Ali," The Biography Channel website , 2014, http://www.biography.com/people/laila-ali-20968407 [accessed Feb 25, 2014]. Chicago Style "Laila Ali," The Biography Channel website , http://www.biography.com/people/laila-ali-20968407 (accessed Feb 25, 2014). CBE/CSE Style Laila Ali [Internet]. The Biography Channel website; 2014 [cited 2014 Feb 25] Available from: http://www.biography.com/people/laila-ali-20968407 . Bluebook Style Laila Ali, http://www.biography.com/people/laila-ali-20968407 (last visited Feb 25, 2014). AMA Style Laila Ali. The Biography Channel website. 2014. Available at: http://www.biography.com/people/laila-ali-20968407 . Accessed Feb 25, 2014. Synopsis American athlete Laila Ali, born December 30, 1977, in Miami Beach, Florida, is the daughter of boxing legend Muhammad Ali . In her own career (1999-2007), she defeated some of the most prominent names in women's boxing, retiring with a 24-0 record. Ali has appeared on television as a fitness correspondent on news programs, a contestant on Dancing with the Stars and a co-host of American Gladiators . Contents Synopsis Early Life and Career Career Highlights Other Projects Personal Life Quotes "There are always going to be critics of women's boxing. We've been taught that women should be protected. A lot of people don't like women fighting, and I can understand that. But it ain't going to stop the show." Laila Ali Early Life and Career Laila Ali is the daughter of legendary boxer Muhammad Ali and his third wife, Veronica Porsche Ali. She was born on December 3, 1977, in Miami Beach, Florida. Ali grew up in Southern California with her parents and her older sister, Hana. After a troubled period in her teens, including time in a juvenile detention center, she earned a degree in business management at Santa Monica College. She worked as a manicurist while attending school and then owned a nail salon. She later recalled that she had been inspired to train as a boxer by watching a televised fight between women boxers Christy Martin and Deirdre Gogarty in 1996. Career Highlights Ali made her professional boxing debut at the age of 21, on October 8, 1999, in a bout against April Fowler. She knocked out her opponent 31 seconds into the first round. Over the next eight years, she faced off against many leading names in women’s boxing. In 2001, she defeated Jacqui Frazier-Lyde, daughter of boxer Joe Frazier . In a nod to the longstanding competition between the two women’s fathers, the fight was publicized as ''Ali vs. Frazier IV.'' In 2002, Ali was named Super Middleweight Champion by the International Boxing Association, the Women’s International Boxing Association and the International Women’s Boxing Federation. Two years later, she added the International Women’s Boxing Federation’s Light Heavyweight title to her resume. Ali’s final fight took place on February 3, 2007, in Johannesburg, South Africa. She knocked out opponent Gwendolyn O’Neil in the first round, finishing her career with a 24-0 record that included 21 knockouts. Other Projects Ali has also established herself as a multimedia personality. In 2002 she published the motivational memoir Reach!: Finding Strength, Spirit, and Personal Power . She released a series of workout videos with famed boxer Sugar Ray Leonard in 2007, and she has appeared as a health and fitness correspondent on The Early Show on CBS. Her highest-profile television appearance took place during the 2007 season of Dancing with the Stars on ABC. In 2008 she began co-hosting NBC’s American Gladiators with wrestler Hulk Hogan . She competed in Stars Earn Stripes on NBC (2012), and she currently co-hosts the program Everyday Health on ABC. She also serves as president of the Women’s Sports Foundation. Personal Life Ali has been married twice. Her first marriage, to boxing promoter Johnny “Yahya” McClain in 2000, ended in divorce in 2005. In 2007, Ali married retired National Football League player Curtis Conway. Ali and Conway have two children, son Curtis Muhammad (born in 2010) and daughter Sydney (born in 2011). Conway also has twin sons and a daughter from a previous marriage. Ali and Conway reside in Los Angeles. 2014 A+E Networks. All rights reserved. ADVERTISEMENT 20968407 20968407 profile http://ssos.biography.com pop Your Connections Sign in with Facebook to see how you and your friends are connected to famous icons. Hi, settings specific profile connection See More Bio Connections Your Friends' Connections specific friend connection Profile Connections Show More Connections Included In These Groups In this group: Kim Kardashian Melissa Gilbert Dorothy Hamill 99 others Cast of Dancing with the Stars The famous dance-competition show Dancing with the Stars has seen more than a dozen seasons and a gamut of stars, including Apolo Anton Ohno, Kirstie Alley, Joey Fatone, Jennifer Grey, David Hasselhoff, Buzz Aldrin, Brandy, Wynonna Judd, Dorothy Hamill, D.L. Hughley, Ma, Jacoby Jones, Ingo Rademacher and Aly Raisman. Learn more about the show's contestants, who, for a period, swapped their skills as athletes, actors, musicians, comedians, TV personalities and politicians for a chance to show off their footwork on national TV. View group Cast of Dancing with the Stars In this group: Martin Luther King Jr. Michelle Obama Muhammad Ali 519 others Famous Capricorns View group Famous Capricorns In this group: Muhammad Ali Rubin Carter Joe Louis 44 others Famous Boxers Find out more about some of the world's boxing legends, including Muhammad Ali, Rubin Carter, Sugar Ray Leonard, Jake LaMotta, Joe Frazier and Vincent Gigante. Examine the lives of some of the most talented boxers to step foot in the ring in recent years, including Laila Ali, Mike Tyson, Claressa Shields and Floyd Mayweather. Find all of this, and more, in Biography.com's famous boxers group. View group Famous Boxers See all related groups Laila Ali's Feed ADVERTISEMENT Celebrity Connections Show More Connections Fact Check: We strive for accuracy and fairness. If you see something that doesn't look right, contact us! Videos Full Bios Watch Now Photos Famous Lookalikes Explore our gallery of celebrity doppelgngers. See all Photos Blog Meet the people you need to know this week! Read More! Quiz Answer questions and see how you rank against other players. Play Now! Shop Now! ADVERTISEMENT Bio.com Site Map Email Updates FAQ / Contact Us Mobile Shop BIO RSS Feeds Classroom Cite This Site A+E Networks Corporate Advertise With Us Corporate Information Employment Opportunities Terms of Use Private Policy TV Parental Guidelines Copyright Policy Ad Choices A+E Networks Digital AE Biography History My Lifetime LMN Crime and Investigation | History en Espaol | H2 | LifetimeMoms | Military History 19962013 A+E Television Networks, LLC . All Rights Reserved. 
