 JavaScript seem to be disabled in your browser. You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. Paragon Scientific Ltd Home My Cart Register Log In Go Category Navigation: Home About Us MSDS Contact Us Distributors News Accreditation Products Equipment Proficiency Testing Schemes Applications Industries Alphabetical Calibration Standards Certified Reference Materials Laboratory Reagents Custom Blends Viscometer Bath Media Viscosity Standards Secondary Working Flash Point standards Density Standards Refractive Index Standards Total Acid Number (TAN) Standards Total Base Number (TBN) Standards Colour Standards Inorganic Calibration Standards Ion Chromatography Calibration Standards Method Detection Limits Turbidity Calibration Standards Conductivity Standards - ISO Guide 34 / ISO 17025 Conductivity Standards Multi-Parameter Certified Reference Material CFPP Standards Cloud Point Standards Fatty Acid Methyl Ester (FAME) content Density Standards Distillation Standards Element / Chemical Standards Flash Point Standards Freezing Point Standards Fuels Testing Standards Pour Point Standards X-ray Standards Lithium Chloride Electrolyte Synthetic Sea Water ASTM Glassware Viscometers Laboratory Instruments Viscometer Accessories Testing & Calibration Services Glass Capillary Viscometers D86 Distillation D1160 Distillation D1319 Hydrocarbon:(FIA) D1401 Water Seperability D2500 Cloud Point D3242 Acidity In Fuel D524 Ramsbottom D525 Oxidation Stability D611 Aniline Point D6371 Cold Filter Plugging Point D892 Foaming Of Lube Oils D943 Oxidation D97 Pour Point Glass Capillary Viscometers Rotational Viscometers Viscometer Accessories Corrosion & Rust Colour Measurement Cloud Point & Pour Point Measurement Cold Filter Plugging Point (CFPP) Measurement Flash & Fire Point Measurement Foaming, Air Release & Emulsification H₂S and Particle Count Hydrometers Polarimeters Refractometers Thermometers Vapour Pressure Measurement Viscosity Baths Glass Capillary Viscometer Accessories Rotational Viscometer Accessories Viscometer Bath Media Capillary Viscometer Recalibration Hydrometer Calibration Thermometer Calibration Flow Cup Calibration Diesel Proficiency Testing Scheme Gasoline Proficiency Testing Scheme Colour Vicosity Distillation Cold Filter Plugging Point Cloud Point Density Flash Point Sulphur Density Distillation Motor Octane Number Research Octane Number Sulphur Vapour Pressure Physical Properties Titration Optical Measurement Elemental Analysis Water Analysis Measurement Calibration Calibration Standards Laboratory Reagents Certified Reference Materials ASTM Glassware Laboratory Instruments Viscometer Accessories Viscometers Testing & Calibration Services Laboratory Reagents Total Acid Number (TAN) Standards Total Base Number (TBN) Standards Colour Standards Colour Measurement Refractive Index Standards Polarimeters Refractometers X-ray Standards Element / Chemical Standards Conductivity Standards Refractive Index Standards Testing & Calibration Services Viscometers Viscometer Accessories Laboratory Instruments Certified Reference Materials Calibration Standards Petrochemical Food and Beverage Medical Environmental Paints and Coatings Certified Reference Materials Calibration Standards Laboratory Reagents Refractive Index Standards AOCS Tintometer Colour Reference Lovibond RYBN Colour Reference Conductivity Standards Medical Viscosity Conductivity Standards Cone and Plate Viscosity Flow Cup Viscosity Gardner (ASTM D1544, D6166) Colour Reference 0 - 9 A - C D - F G - J K - N O - P Q - T U - Z Certified Reference Materials Our Certified Reference Materials ensures good inter-laboratory correlation. Fully Traceable to National Standards. Colour Standards For routine calibration of colour measuring instruments, verification of test data and ensuring good inter-laboratory correlation. Density Standards Our Density Standards are ideal for routine calibration of colour measuring instruments, verification of test data and ensuring good inter-laboratory. Refractive Index Standards Paragon Scientific produces a range of sucrose standards for use in the calibration and verification of all types of refractometer. Secondary Flash Point Typically used in, but not limited to, the analysis of petroleum products with flash points above 79C (175F) and below 400C (752F) Total Acid Number Standards Manufactured to ASTM D 664 / IP177, tested and certified at Paragon Scientific's ISO 17025 accredited laboratories. Total Base Number Standards Manufactured to ASTM D 2896 / IP276, tested and certified at Paragon Scientific's ISO 17025 accredited laboratories. Viscosity Standards Paragon Scientific Limited specialises in the production of Premium Quality, Primary level, Viscosity Reference standards. Cold Cranking Simulator Standards for the calibration and verification of analytical equipment used in Cold Cranking Simulator testing to ASTM D5293. Cone Plate The standards are especially designed for the paint and coatings industry. Dual UKAS certified to BS EN ISO / IEC 17025 and ISO Guide 34. Flow Cup Flow Cup viscosity standards are especially designed for use in DIN, Ford, ISO, Shell and Zahn flow cups and are also dual purpose Density standards. General Purpose Manufactured in accordance with ASTM D 2162, the primary method for viscosity standards manufacture. Dual certified to both ISO 17025 and ISO Guide 34. High Temperature These high temperature standards are tested at 135C and 150C, and ensure full compliance to ASTM IP test method protocol. Low Temperature These standards are widely used for the verification of viscometers at sub zero temperatures. Dual UKAS certified to BS EN ISO / IEC 17025 and ISO Guide 34. Medical Manufactured in accordance with ASTM D 2162, the primary method for viscosity standards. Certified to International Standards BS EN ISO / IEC 17025. Mineral Oil Rotational These viscosity standards are specifically designed for Rotational Viscometers. Dual certified to ISO 17025 and ISO Guide 34. Viscometers To determine kinematic viscosity according to ASTM D 445, ISO 3104, IP 71, and BS188. Hydrometers Instruments used to measure the specific gravity (or relative density) of liquids. ASTM D86 Distillation Glassware for ASTM D86 Distillation of Petroleum Products at Atmospheric Pressure. ASTM D1160 Distillation Glassware for D1160 Distillation of Petroleum Products at Reduced Pressure. ASTM D1319 Hydrocarbon ASTM D1319 Standard Test Method for Hydrocarbon Types in Liquid Petroleum. ASTM D97 Pour point Glassware for ASTM D97 Pour Point of Petroleum Products. ASTM D2500 Cloud point Glassware for the test method ASTM D2500 Cloud Point of Petroleum Products. ASTM D524 Ramsbottom Glassware for ASTM D524 Ramsbottom Carbon Residue of Petroleum Products. Corrosion Rust Equipment used to indicate the ability of steam turbine oils to prevent rusting of ferrous components. Colour Measurement Colour measurement equipment used to determine the colour scale of pertroluem oils and wax. Flash Fire Point Manual and automatic flash point analysers to determine the flash point of materials. Hydrometers Hydrometers used to measure the specific gravity (or relative density) of liquids; that is, the ratio of the density of the liquid to the density of water. Particulates Composition H2S in liquids analyzer and AvCount particle counter from Seta Analytics. Rotational Viscometers Rotational Viscometers to measure the viscosity of liquids in accordance with international standards. Viscosity Baths Viscometer and calibration baths specially designed for tests that require ultra-precise temperature control. Refractometers Hand-held, digital and Abbe refractometers for the measurement of an index of refraction (refractometry). Capillary Viscometer Recalibration We are able to offer a calibration service for Capillary Viscometers. Available with a UKAS ISO 17025 certificate of calibration. Flow Cup Calibration We are able to offer a calibration service for Flow Cups. This service includes cleaning and full recalibration of Flow Cup. Hydrometer Calibration We are able to offer a calibration service for Hydrometers. Available with UKAS ISO 17025 certificate of calibration. Thermometer Calibration We are able to offer a calibration service for Thermometer. Available with UKAS ISO 17025 certificate of calibration. Information Accreditation Paragon Scientific has UKAS accreditation. Make sure your organisation gets it right, first time every time. The United Kingdom Accreditation Service is the sole body recognised by Government for the accreditation of conformity assessment against internationally agreed standards for testing, calibration, inspection and certification. Read More Brochure Click here to download our brochure News Christmas / New Year office hours. Paragon Scientific Christmas and New Year office hours and delivery information. Oct 2013 - Proficiency Testing Scheme Launched Proficiency Testing Scheme for Gasoline launched. July 2013 - Sigma-Aldrich strategic alliance Strategic alliance and global distribution agreement announched. April 2013 - We're Moving We are pleased to announce that we will be moving to our new facility as of Thursday 2 nd May 2013. Our Partners EMAIL CUSTOMER SUPPORT CONTACT DETAILS Paragon Scientific Limited - 6 Prenton Way, North Cheshire Trading Estate, Prenton, Wirral, CH43 3DU. UK Fax:+44 (0)151 649 9977 sales@paragon-sci.com CUSTOMER SUPPORT Advanced Search Copyright Terms Conditions Privacy Policy Security Policy Sitemap 2 2 Site Use Terms Privacy 
