 IU Bloomington Choose site to be searched People Unit IU Type search terms IU Anthropology IU Homepage Anthropological Center for Training and Research on Global Environmental Change A Research Center of the Office of the Vice Provost for Research at Indiana University Bloomington Home ACT Research and Grants Prospective Student Information Faculty Staff IU Associated Faculty Graduate Students Collaborating Scientists Visiting Scholars ACT Publications Enviro Links Contact ACT Click for news about ACT ! menu Home Welcome to ACT!! ACT is an interdisciplinary training and research center on the human dimensions of global environment change. ACT's Mission The mission of the Anthropological Center for Training and Research on Global Environmental Change is to provide a setting where interdisciplinary training and research on the human dimensions of global environmental change can take place -- thus, the reason for naming it "anthropological." The Center's acronym "ACT" suggests that its goal is to be an active player in global environmental research currently underway here and abroad. It represents a pioneering effort to make it possible to address both the local and the global dimensions of environmental change. Take a tour of this ACT site and take a look at the ACT brochure . You can also click on many images on our site to access high-resolution versions. contact us for more information. Dear ACT Friends and Collaborators, For 20 years, ACT has created a community of collaborators and friends that spans theworld. This community has been founded on the vision and hard work of Emilio F. Moran. Emilio founded ACT based on a vision of doing collaborative research and training by breaking disciplinary borders while strengthening disciplinary contributions, by asking questions in new ways, and by facing the challenge of working together in the field and in the lab, by "playing hard and having fun" as he puts it. It is difficult to imagine ACT without the spirit and leadership of Emilio. Many challenges are ahead and many opportunities too, after all we are building upon a solid foundation and international recognition of committment to academic excellence. While we await particular decisions from the IU administration, we are fortunate to have Prof Rinku Roy Chowdhury (Geography) assuming the leadership of the center this semester. We are also fortunate to have such strong partner centers at IU such as the Ostrom's Workshop, CIPEC, and several departments and schools. We, of course, will continue to see Emilio as lifelong member of the ACT family. The spirit and research activities of ACT will continue and we hope to strengthen existing collaborations and start new ones. The history and legacy of research Emilio is leaving are too strong to suggest otherwise. On behalf of the whole ACT community,THANKS Emilio and wishes of success and joy in this new phase! Copyright Indiana University Copyright Complaints Powered by the IU WCMS using Site Builder view full site 
