 Latest Internal Communication Research About About Melcrum Our Team Latest Thoughts News Contact Us Login Search form Search Menu Research Topics Leader & Manager Communication Employee Engagement Strategy, Planning & Tactics Intranets, Digital & Social Media Change & Crisis Communication Management & Competencies Measurement & Evaluation Resources Articles Case Studies Charts & Infographics Latest Thoughts Research Reports Templates & Tools Videos & Webinars Training & Events Black Belt Classroom Training Distance Learning In-house Training Summit & Awards Digital Communication Summit About Our Team Latest Thoughts News Contact Us Membership Melcrum's Forum Tell Me More Login Search Logout Membership Melcrum's Forum Tell Me More Getting under the hood of a great story Why Cleveland Clinic's video went viral. VIEW NOW Digital Communication Summit: From revolution to real world 2-3 April 2014, Marriott Grosvenor Square, London More Info Practitioner Playbook Analysis, tips and support on maximizing your managers' communication skills. Read more Promoting change to a unionized workforce How did QR National Coal bridge the gap between proposed change and its unionized employee base? Read more Driving change with employee networks Find out how one employee voicing concern about wasted paper on the company blog saved Deutsche Bank millions of dollars. VIEW NOW Latest Internal Communication Research 8 tips for mobilizing your intranet Articles Wedge Blackshares eight tips on how tore-engineer our intranets for mobile devices.Not everyone believes in the... An inspiring set of social media guidelines at TNT Case Studies Following the discovery of a high number of social media profiles associated with TNT, the express company established a set of... A guide to creating a great employee survey Articles Jo Faragher provides a guide, from inception tocompletion, showing you how to put together atop notch employee survey for... See all research Training & Events Key concepts and practical frameworks for collaborative social business Become part of the first wave of IC professionals equipping themselves with the key concepts and practical frameworks in the View details Black Belt Partner - Cranfield, UK Improving the performance of your peers, and your organization, is what it takes to become a true trusted advisor. Black View details See all training and events Unlock competitive advantage with smarter Internal Communication Subscribe to our FREE newsletter Email Address * Latest Thoughts Top 10 Internal Communication articles of 2013 February 21, 2014 Getting under the hood of a great story: Why Cleveland Clinicâs video went viral February 18, 2014 Struggling to communicate company strategy? Just Google it... February 10, 2014 Read more from the Melcrum Blog Current Poll Whats your average email newsletter open rate? Choices Less than 10% 10 - 25% 25 - 40% 40 - 60% Greater than 60% Older polls Results Melcrum on Twitter Tweets by @Melcrum Get unlimited access to the world's leading source for internal communication strategy â and an edge on your competition JOIN MELCRUM TODAY Join Melcrum's Forum, and you and your team will benefit from the latest thinking, tools and techniques, including: Full advisory support Research resources Strategic assessment tools On-site sessions Actionable insights guidance Online briefings Case studies best practices Senior-level networking Research Topics Leader & Manager Communication Employee Engagement Strategy, Planning & Tactics Intranets, Digital & Social Media Change & Crisis Communication Management & Competencies Measurement & Evaluation Resources Articles Case Studies Charts & Infographics Latest Thoughts Research Reports Templates & Tools Videos & Webinars Training & Events Black Belt Classroom Training Distance Learning In-House Training Summit & Awards About Melcrum Our Team Latest Thoughts News Contact Us Customer Services Your Account FAQs Contact Customer Services Unlock competitive advantage with smarter Internal Communication Subscribe to our FREE newsletter Email Address * Terms Conditions Privacy Cookies Login to Melcrum.com Username * Password * Lost Password? | Contact Customer Service You are using an unsupported version of Internet Explorer . You can still access the site, but some functionality may not work properly. To get the best out of melcrum.com, please switch browser or upgrade to the latest version of Internet Explorer. Thank you. Upgrade Install Dismiss HAPPY FUN COMMUNICATION LAND THERE'S MORE AT THE HFCL HOME PAGE BOOKMARK THIS "QUICK ACCESS" PAGE. GLOSSARY QUESTIONS FOCUS SEGMENTS CITATIONS HELP DIRECTORY THIS IS THE BACKUP VERSION OF HFCL. A faster version is available at http://hfcl.ticopa.com/ the destination Home Admissions Curriculum Staff Students Facilities here Home ä¸­ć Maps A-Z List Contact Us QuickLinks Intranet Services iNTU Portal Bot Portal edveNTUre (e-Learning Portal) Email NTU VPN Search Intranet sites GSLink Studentlink StaffLink Common Used Services blogs@ntu Career Opportunities in NTU ChannelNTU Cool Campus IT Services Library Log in to NTU Wireless Lost & Found Student Forms & Procedures Students' Union Website Subscription to Mailing Lists Staff Directory Calendar About WKWSCI Mission and Vision , Management Leadership , Divisions , Faculty and Staff , Faculty Profile , Visiting WKWSCI Prospective Students Undergraduate , Graduate Current Students Undergraduate , Graduate Research Research Areas , Research Report , Research Projects , Research Clusters , Centres Facilities , NTU Research Integrity Policy , Research Students Profile , Research Workshop , Research Series Services Admin Intranet , Print Quota , Loans , Lab Support , Lab Operating Hours Resources News Media Spotlight , News Releases , Media Interviews , Conferences , Seminars , Prizes Awards , Endowment Fund , Newsletters , Student Works Alumni Our Research Programme Graduates Career Opportunities Academic Positions , Research Jobs , Management and Support Positions , Career Opportunities for WKWSCI Students and Alumni , NTU Career@Mall Tribute to Associate Professor Wayne Fu News Announcement 'Yes' to Law on Transboundary Haze â Comments by Prof Ang Peng Hwa Read More Posted on: 20 Feb 2014 Singaporeansâ Satisfaction towards Media Reaches 76.1 Points Read More Posted on: 19 Feb 2014 Cultural conflict and national violence â Comments by Emeritus Prof Eddie Kuo Read More Posted on: 04 Feb 2014 The Joy of Art and Design â Comments by Dr Trisha Lin Read More Posted on: 27 Jan 2014 âAvenue 1960sâ? Promoting Singaporeâs Heritage from 1960 - 1980 Read More Posted on: 10 Feb 2014 Cultural conflict and national violence â Comments by Emeritus Prof Eddie Kuo Read More Posted on: 04 Feb 2014 The Joy of Art and Design â Comments by Dr Trisha Lin Read More Posted on: 27 Jan 2014 Connecting Youth with Singaporeâs Heritage Read More Posted on: 27 Jan 2014 Lose those pounds and win some cash â Project by WKWSCI students Read More Posted on: 24 Jan 2014 Taman Jurong Museum features WKWSCI Photojournalism Project Read More Posted on: 13 Jan 2014 2 ABS-CBNnews.com Journalists Awarded International Fellowships â Researching at WKSCI-NTU Read More Posted on: 09 Jan 2014 14th CHINESE LANGUAGE MEDIA WORKSHOP Read More Posted on: 09 Dec 2013 Love spreading in social media â Zaobao Column by Asst Prof Trisha Lin Read More Posted on: 28 Nov 2013 Cable TV audience drops StarHub TV attracts new subscribers by producing local programs â Comments by Asst Prof Trisha Lin Read More Posted on: 28 Nov 2013 Decoding cyber attacks â Comments by Prof Ang Peng Hwa Read More Posted on: 12 Nov 2013 Interview by Channel 8, MediaCorp Singapore with Assistant Professor Trisha Lin Read More Posted on: 05 Nov 2013 From âCultural Chinaâ? to âCultural Mandarinâ? â Emeritus Prof Eddie Kuo Read More Posted on: 28 Oct 2013 Running Mania â Comments by Dr Liew Kai Khiun Read More Posted on: 24 Oct 2013 Teens get to share, Facebook gets to mint â Comments by Prof Ang Peng Hwa Read More Posted on: 18 Oct 2013 Opportunities in the rebirth of Chinese in Singapore â Comments by Prof Emeritus Eddie Kuo Read More Posted on: 14 Oct 2013 Govt agencies' new goal: write simply, with sincerity â Comments by A/P Lee Chun Wah Read More Posted on: 09 Oct 2013 Start Singapore: 3-week news 'hackathon' Read More Posted on: 26 Sep 2013 Multi-screen Nomads â Zaobao Column by Asst Prof Trisha Lin Read More Posted on: 23 Sep 2013 First smartphone dependency study in Singapore by Dr. Trisha Lin featured on Lianhe Zaobao Read More Posted on: 17 Sep 2013 Wee Kim Wee School of Communication and Information - Your Future Begins Here List of National Day Awards 2013 Recipients who graduated from WKWSCI Read more Posted on: 27 Aug 2013 SiRC Seminar Series A Modified Unified Theory of Acceptance and Use of Technology for 3G Mobile Multimedia Services in Indonesia Dr. Chew Kok Wai Read more Posted on: 28 Mar 2013 Wee Kim Wee Distinguished Lecture Series Accelerating the Process of Diffusion by Identifying Influentials: The Measurement of Three Pertinent Dimensions of Individual Differences Frank Boster (Professor at Michigan State University) Read more Posted on: 4 Apr 2013 WKWSCI Research Seminar Series Climate Change in the Indian Mind: Publics and Politics Mr. Jagadish Thaker Read more Posted on: 9 Apr 2013 WKWSCI Research Seminar Series Insights on studentsâ media socialization in Singapore Dr. Fernando Paragas Read more Posted on: 2 Apr 2013 WKWSCI Research Seminar Series Journalism and Islam: three examples from Indonesia Dr. Janet Steele Read more Posted on: 26 Mar 2013 WKWSCI Research Seminar Series Uncovering the Animal: An Ecofeminist Reading of Embodiment in Pornography Deana Kanagasingam Read more Posted on: 18 Mar 2013 WKWSCI Research Seminar Series Egocentric publics and perceptions of public opinion Hernando Rojas (Visiting Associate professor at WKWSCI Nanyang Technical University) Read more Posted on:Â 25 Feb 2013 From Old Media to New Media. A Bridge Too Far for Journalistic Dinosaurs? Mike Mosettig Read more Posted on:Â 15 Feb 2013 WKWSCI Research Seminar Series FELLOW TRAVELLERS: WHAT DO USERS TRUST ON RECOMMENDER WEBSITES? A CASE STUDY OF TRIPADVISOR.COM Senior LecturerÂ Andrew Duffy Read more Posted on:Â 13Â Feb 2013 WKWSCI Research Seminar Series Singaporean opinion of climate change and nuclear power Dr. Dr Sonny Ben Rosenthal (Postdoctoral Research Fellow) Read more Posted on:Â 4Â Feb 2013 WKWSCI Research Seminar Series Where they agree: how media exposure, political cynicism and supporting online deliberation influence consonance in online and offline public opinion Assistant Professor Debbie Goh Pei Chin Read more Posted on: 28 Jan 2013 NTU Research Open House The NTU Research Open House 2013 is an opportunity to hear from our speakers, who will share with you their expertise and experiences. You will also be able to find out more of our PhD and Mastersâ research programmes, full scholarships, various research options and many more at our event booth. We look forward to seeing you! Date: 31 January 2013 Programme 2:15pmÂ  College of Humanities, Arts, and Social Sciences Highlights:Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Wee Kim Wee School of Communication and Information map here Registration for the presentation sessions can be done at https://wis.ntu.edu.sg/pls/webexe/REGISTER_NTU.REGISTER?EVENT_ID=OA13011610134285 Posted on:Â 25 Jan 2013 WKWSCI Graduate Programmes Information Session - MSc (Information Studies) https://wis.ntu.edu.sg/pls/webexe/REGISTER_NTU.REGISTER?EVENT_ID=OA12122615285083 More info at our website: http://www.wkwsci.ntu.edu.sg/ProspectiveStudents/Graduate/Pages/Graduate.aspx Read more Posted on:Â 02 Jan 2013 Copyright Disclaimer Privacy Statement JMK A- In English G vidare till: Biblioteket Humanistiska fakulteten LĂ¤rarutbildningsportalen Medarbetarwebben MiljĂśwebben Mitt universitet Mondo Rektors blogg Utbildningskatalogen Institutionen fĂśr mediestudier Start Utbildning Forskning Publikationer Samverkan Om oss Du Ă¤r hĂ¤r: Start Institutionen fĂśr mediestudier IMS RSS Skriv ut LĂ¤s om enheten hĂ¤r Utbildningar Forskning Student Personal Enheten fĂśr journalistik, medier och kommunikation LĂ¤s vidare om JMK Ny bok om journalistikforskning LĂ¤s vidare IMS pĂĽ Mediedagarna i GĂśteborg LĂ¤s programmet hĂ¤r Ny forskning om existentiella frĂĽgor i en digitaliserad vĂ¤rld LĂ¤s mer om projektet hĂ¤r Smugglade hemliga filmer frĂĽn Ogaden Se fĂśrelĂ¤sningen i efterhand hĂ¤r Aktuellt Ny bok om journalistikforskning 2014-02-18 Freedom of Speech Conference 2014 2014-02-12 IMS pĂĽ Mediedagarna i GĂśteborg 2014-02-05 Ny forskning om existentiella frĂĽgor i en digitaliserad vĂ¤rld 2014-01-30 Ny bok om medieproduktion 2014-01-19 Visa fler Evenemang 06 mar IMS pĂĽ Mediedagarna i GĂśteborg Fler nyheter Terminsstart vid JMK vĂĽren 2014 2014-01-09 Salstentamina vid JMK â VĂĽren 2014 2013-12-16 VĂĽrens kursutbud 2014 2013-10-10 Visa fler JMK i medierna Medieforskare kritiserar petningen av Soran Ismail 2014-02-17 Al Jazeera: "More Guantanamo and global warming, less Amanda Knox and Justin Bieber" 2014-02-11 Expressen: "Ingen anledning att minska Ăśppenheten" 2014-02-07 Sveriges Radio: "Publico - tidningarnas nya Ă¤lskling" 2014-01-30 Al Jazeera: "Turkey's negative media image: It is not a conspiracy." 2014-01-21 Medierna i SR: "Tar kommunikatĂśrerna makt frĂĽn journalisterna?" 2014-01-20 Fokus: JMK-studenter granskar takskottnings-branschen 2013-12-23 SvD Kultur: "PĂĽ grĂ¤nsen till farligt uppdrag" 2013-12-02 Al Jazeera: "The decline of bin Laden's Sweden" 2013-11-15 Le Monde diplomatique: "Eyes on the ice" 2013-11-06 SVT Kulturnyheterna: "Polisen framstĂĽr inte som helt trovĂ¤rdig" 2013-10-29 Visa fler GenvĂ¤gar Hitta till oss Kontaktuppgifter Studentexpeditionen Kurs-PM och scheman IntranĂ¤t TentamenstillfĂ¤llen Bibliotek ForskningsnĂ¤tverk A- In English G vidare till: Biblioteket Humanistiska fakulteten LĂ¤rarutbildningsportalen Medarbetarwebben MiljĂśwebben Mitt universitet Mondo Rektors blogg Utbildningskatalogen Institutionen fĂśr mediestudier Hovednavigasjon (hopp) Hovedinnholdet (hopp) Temanavigasjon (hopp) Kontaktinformasjon (hopp) Forsiden UiO Det humanistiske fakultet Institutt for medier og kommunikasjon Universitetet i Oslo Institutt for medier og kommunikasjon Det humanistiske fakultet For ansatte English website SĂ¸k i Institutt for medier og kommunikasjon SĂ¸k Meny SĂ¸k Forsiden IMK Forskning Studier Livet rundt studiene Tjenester og verktĂ¸y Om instituttet Personer Studier Studieprogrammer Ărsenhet Bachelor Master Forskerutdanning:ph.d. Finn emner Finn emner SĂ¸k Finn pensumlister, forelesningstider og notater fra alle instituttets emner Logg inn pĂĽ Fronter GĂĽ til studier Forskning De ideelle asylofrene Massiv mediedekning fĂ¸rer til politiske ad-hoc lĂ¸sninger i innvandringssaker. Vi forsker pĂĽ Barn og unges mediebruk Dataspill Film, TV og radio Filmhistorie Journalistikk Konvergens Medieestetikk Mediehistorie Medienes organisasjoner Medie og kommunikasjonsteori Medie- og kulturpolitikk og regulering Mobile medier Politisk kommunikasjon PopulĂŚrkultur Sammensatte tekster Sosiale medier Ytringsfrihet og demokrati i mediene GĂĽ til forskning Samarbeid med IMK Master pĂĽ oppdrag Praksis i din organisasjon Forskningssamarbeid GĂĽ til samarbeid med IMK Personer Finn ansatte og studenter Alle personer Tjenester og verktĂ¸y Studentweb Bibliotek Webmail Cristin Bibsys GĂĽ til tjenester og verktĂ¸y IMK i sosiale medier IMK samarbeider med arbeidslivet Arrangementer 20 mar Ph.d Seminar: Mediatization 21 mar Ph.d Seminar: Mediatization GĂĽ til arrangementer Aktuelt Konklusjoner: Mediebruk og oppfatning av offentlighet blant innvandrere Spesialnummer om sosiale medier og valgkamp Nytt prosjekt om status for ytringsfrihet i Norge GĂĽ til aktuelt UiO Det humanistiske fakultet Forskning ForskningsomrĂĽder Forskningsprosjekter Senter Forskningsaktuelt Livet rundt studiene Studentorganisasjoner Studenttidskrifter Studentutvalget Studier Studieprogrammer Emner Emnegrupper Studere i utlandet Administrer dine studier Mer... Tjenester og verktĂ¸y Bibliotek IT-tjenester Om instituttet Tall og fakta Organisasjon Kontaktinformasjon Samarbeid med IMK Strategi Mer... Personer Administrativt ansatte Vitenskapelig ansatte Forskning Livet rundt studiene Studier Tjenester og verktĂ¸y Om instituttet Personer Institutt for medier og kommunikasjon Det humanistiske fakultet BesĂ¸ksadresse Forskningsparken II ( map ) Gaustadallen 21 0349 OSLO Postadresse Postboks 1093 Blindern 0317 OSLO Telefon, faks, e-post 228 50400 228 50401 info@media.uio.no Ansvarlig for denne siden: Nettredaksjonen pĂĽ IMK Logg inn Drevet av Vortex Administration About President's Office Divisions Course Catalog Academic Calendar About Saas-Fee Visitor Information Arts, Health & Society About Programs Prospective Students Summer Residencies Research Database Media & Communication About M.A. in Communication M.A. Curriculum Ph.D. in Communication Ph.D. Curriculum Summer Residencies Tuition & Scholarships Admission Online Application Questions & Answers Accreditation Scholarship/Financial Aid Admission Counselors Transfer Students Students Overview Student Email Student News Event Calendar Student Directory Students Gateway Request Documents Faculty Faculty Overview Faculty News Event Calendar Video Lectures Jobs and Positions A C D E F G H I J L M N O P Q R S T V Admission Application & Deadlines Tuition & Scholarships Questions & Answers Financial Aid Accreditation Students Overview Student Email Student News Event Calendar Student Directory Students Gateway Request Documents Alumni Overview Alumni Association Alumni Directory Alumni News Event Calendar Request Transcripts Giving to EGS Faculty Faculty Overview Faculty News Event Calendar Video Lectures Jobs and Positions Media EGS Publications EGS on Facebook EGS on YouTube EGS on Google+ EGS on Flickr EGS on Twitter Conferences & Festivals Library / Encyclopedia Research Database Resources News Event Calendar Information Technology Health Services A-Z Index Sitemap Contacts Media & Communication About About The Media and Communication division of the European Graduate School, facilitating creative breakthroughs and theoretical paradigm shifts, brings together master's and doctoral students with the visionaries and philosophers of the media world who inspire learning about art, philosophy, communication, film, literature, internet, web and cyberspace studies from a cross-disciplinary perspective. According to Epicurus , Gods exist, but they are in the interspace of the world. I think this is how the European Graduate School functions: It is integrated into academic machinery, but a place apart. Not part of the usual machinery - and I think that this position is excellent. Slavoj Zizek . Professor of Philosophy and Psychoanalysis, European Graduate School, Saas-Fee, 2006 Our permanent and visiting faculty includes Giorgio Agamben , Chantal Akerman , Pierre Alferi , Hubertus von Amelunxen , Pierre Aubenque , Alain Badiou , Nicholson Baker , Judith Balso , Lewis Baltz , Yve-Alain Bois , Catherine Breillat , Victor Burgin , Judith Butler , Hélčne Cixous , Diane Davis , Manuel DeLanda , Claire Denis , Suzanne Doppelt , Atom Egoyan , Bracha Ettinger , Chris Fynsk , Antony Gormley , Peter Greenaway , Durs Grünbein , Werner Hamacher , Barbara Hammer , Donna Haraway , Michael Hardt , Martin Hielscher , Michel Houellebecq , Shelley Jackson , Tom Kalin , Friedrich Kittler , Claude Lanzmann , Sylvčre Lotringer , Geert Lovink , Greg Lynn , Erin Manning , Lev Manovich , Brian Massumi , Simon McBurney , Colum McCann , Paul D. Miller a.k.a. DJ Spooky that Subliminal Kid, Carl Mitcham , Jean-Luc Nancy , GasparNoé , Cornelia Parker , Quay Brothers , Jacques Ranciere , Laurence Arthur Rickels , Avital Ronell , Wolfgang Schirmacher , Volker Schlöndorff , Michael Schmidt , Bruce Sterling , Sandy Stone , Elia Suleiman , Margarethe von Trotta , Fred Ulfers , Gregory Ulmer , Agnčs Varda , Paul Virilio , Victor J. Vitanza , Samuel Weber , Lebbeus Woods , Caveh Zahedi , Krzysztof Zanussi , Siegfried Zielinski , Slavoj Zizek , and Alenka Zupan . Jean-François Lyotard was a guiding spirit during the founding phase, Jean Baudrillard and Jacques Derrida amicably supported our work for many years and held several workshops until they passed away in March 2007 and October 2004. Visiting faculty members included: John Perry Barlow , Marcel Beyer , Sophie Calle , Michel Deguy , Tracey Emin , and Yang Lian . In my discipline, philosophy, EGS is certainly one of the best places possible. Professors are excellent: among them the most important philosophers of today, from American and from Continental tradition. The program is of a high level. And students, generally with profound experience, are very engaged. It's hard work for me (I have to prepare new lessons every year) but a real pleasure to be a professor at EGS. Alain Badiou . Professor at European Graduate School, Saas-Fee, August 2007 The comprehensive program of the Media and Communication Division at theEuropean Graduate School (EGS) is distinguished by the cordial interaction of eminent faculty members with students who are the best of their generation. A true international mix, our students are outstanding graduates as well as filmmakers, artists, web designers, computer programmers, college instructors, writers, actors, photographers, theater directors, teachers, journalists, graphic designers, musicians, critics, and editors. The European Graduate School fills an otherwise empty niche with high quality doctoral study of a very innovative kind needed especially by mature students. Donna Haraway . Distinguished Professor Emerita. University of California at Santa Cruz. Saas-Fee, 2003 The application and selection process of the Media and Communication Division at the European Graduate School (EGS) is stringent and personal. We consider only fiercely independent and mature students who work well with a limited-residency program located in Saas-Fee, Switzerland . Our students are expected to choose their own emphasis and area of concentration as supported by their Master's and Ph.D. thesis / project. The language of instruction is English. The European Graduate School EGS offers a uniquely dynamic academic setting that allows a creative encounter with the forefront thinkers and artists of our time. top Giorgio Agamben Pierre Alferi Hubertus von Amelunxen Alisa Andrasek Alain Badiou Judith Balso Jason Barker Jean Baudrillard Philippe Beck Geoffrey Bennington Robert Bramkamp Benjamin Bratton Catherine Breillat Judith Butler Eduardo Cadava Hélčne Cixous Simon Critchley Diane Davis Claire Denis Manthia Diawara Suzanne Doppelt Anne Dufourmantelle Atom Egoyan Bracha Ettinger Mike Figgis Alessandro De Francesco John Frazer Christopher Fynsk Heiner Goebbels Antony Gormley Peter Greenaway Boris Groys Werner Hamacher Barbara Hammer Michael Hardt Martin Hielscher Brian Holmes Mitchell Joachim Tom Kalin Friedrich Kittler Chris Kraus Manuel De Landa Katarzyna Lazari-Radek Neil Leach Sylvčre Lotringer Geert Lovink Catherine Malabou Lev Manovich Clem Marshall Colum McCann Achim Menges Jean-Luc Nancy François Noudelmann Mathieu Potte-Bonneville Peter Price Stephen & Timothy Quay Jacques Rancičre Laurence Arthur Rickels Denise Riley Avital Ronell Wolfgang Schirmacher Volker Schlöndorff Michael Schmidt Patrik Schumacher Peter Singer DJ Spooky - Paul Miller Bruce Sterling Caspar Stracke Elia Suleiman Leslie Thornton Ilija Trojanow Margarethe von Trotta Agnčs Varda Paul Virilio Victor Vitanza Samuel Weber Caveh Zahedi Siegfried Zielinski Slavoj Zizek Thomas Zummer Alenka Zupancic Administration About President's Office Divisions Course Catalog Academic Calendar About Saas-Fee Visitor Information Media Communication About M.A. in Communication M.A. Curriculum Ph.D. in Communication Ph.D. Curriculum Summer Residencies Tuition Scholarships Admission Online Application Questions Answers Accreditation Scholarship/Financial Aid Admission Counselors Transfer Students Students Overview Student Email Student News Event Calendar Student Directory Students Gateway Request Documents Alumni Overview Alumni Association Alumni Directory Alumni News Event Calendar Request Transcripts Giving to EGS Faculty Faculty Overview Faculty News Event Calendar Video Lectures Jobs and Positions Resources News Event Calendar Information Technology Health Services A-Z Index Sitemap Contacts Media EGS Publications EGS on Facebook EGS on YouTube EGS on Google+ EGS on Flickr EGS on Twitter Conferences Festivals Library / Encyclopedia Research Database SisĂ¤ltĂśĂśn In English tampereen yliopisto Esittely Opiskelijaksi Opiskelu Tohtoriopinnot Tutkimus TĂ¤ydennyskoulutus Avoin yliopisto-opetus Mukana yhteiskunnassa Hallinto Yhteystiedot TUTKIMUSKESKUKSET MEDIAT Moreeni Utain Yliopisto-TV Katse VJM Magazine kuvajournalismi.fi puheviestint.fi naty.uta.fi KONFERENSSEJA OSALLISTU Viestinnn, median ja teatterin yksikk Viestinnn, median ja teatterin yksik (CMT) tutkitaan ja opiskellaan journalismia, viestint ja teatteria. Se on maan johtava toimittajien kouluttaja ja toinen yliopistotasoinen niden kouluttaja. Lisksi yksik valmistuu viestinnn, median ja teatterin tutkijoita ja muita ammattilaisia. Yksik yhdistyvt yhteiskuntatieteellisen, humanistisen ja taiteen alan perinteet. Lue lis Haku maisteriopintoihin 3.-28.2.2014 , CMT:n hakukohteet: puheviestint, teatterin ja draaman tutkimus, journalistiikka, mediakulttuuri, mediakasvatus ja visuaalinen journalismi. Yhteisvalinnan hakuajat maaliskuussa: NTYn teatterityn tutkinto-ohjelman hakuaika 3.3-14.3.2014! Journalistiikan ja viestinnn tutkinto-ohjelman hakuaika 3.3.1.4.2014 ! Ajankohtaista Professori GĂśran Bolinin luento The Nation as Community and Commodity: Identity, Agency and Audience in Nation Branding Campaigns (25.2.2014) 3.4. klo 15-17, Pinni B 1096 Tutkijoille viestintĂ¤koulutusta Tutkimuskeskus Cometista (24.2.2014) Bonnierin Suuren journalistipalkinnon ehdokkaat - Kollektiivi 11 ehdolla (14.2.2014) Tampereen yliopiston visuaalisen journalismin opiskelijoiden perustama Kollektiivi 11 on yksi ehdokkaista 1.3.2014 FM Jenni Hokka: Kakkoselta kaikelle kansalle: Kuulumisen politiikka YLE TV2:n arkirealistisissa sarjoissa (13.2.2014) Helavuori, PyĂśkĂ¤ri, Parkkinen, Laine-Lassila, Rajalahti Jokinen (12.2.2014) Rehtori on nimennyt viestinnĂ¤n, median ja teatterin yksikĂśn johtokuntaan yliopiston ulkopuoliset jĂ¤senet ja heidĂ¤n henkilĂśkohtaiset varajĂ¤senensĂ¤. Tampere Kuplii Goes Academic 2014 (11.2.2014) Tieteellinen sarjakuvaseminaari: Supersankareita ja sarjakuvainstituutioita - eli kuinka sarjakuva pelastaa maailman. PĂ¤Ă¤kirjasto Linna, VĂ¤inĂś Linna -sali, Kalevantie 5. Radio Moreeni lopettaa avustajien kĂ¤ytĂśn (11.2.2014) HAKU KUVAJOURNALISMIN VALINNAISIIN OPINTOIHIN 2014 (10.2.2014) TeatterityĂśn yliopistolehtorien tehtĂ¤vĂ¤ntĂ¤yttĂśihin liittyvĂ¤t opetusnĂ¤ytteet 10.2.-17.2.2014 (7.2.2014) Kuka omistaa tiedon? TI 25.2.2014 10.15 - 11.45 (7.2.2014) Professori Mikko Lehtonen luennoi IkĂ¤Ă¤ntyvien yliopiston monitieteisessĂ¤ luetosarjassa. Luentosali D10a, Kalevantie 4. Erillisvalinnan hakuaika Tampereen yliopistoon 3.-28.2.2014 (3.2.2014) Tutustu hakukohteisiin Opiskelijaksi-sivuilla! Freelance-iltapĂ¤ivĂ¤ 27.2. klo 12-16 (3.2.2014) Tuottaja Renny Jokelin journalistiikan vierailijaprofessoriksi (31.1.2014) COMET invites distinguished scholars of media and communication to give lectures in Tampere (19.8.2013) Four distinguished international scholars in media and communication studies will be annually invited to give talks in the new COMET Lecture Series to be opened on 25 September 2013 by Professor Nick Couldry. Professor Couldry has just started in his new professorship at the London School of Economics. Ajankohtaispalstan arkisto Kalevantie 4, 33014 Tampereen yliopisto puh. (03) 355 111 YllĂ¤pito: cmt.info@uta.fi YLIOPISTO Esittely Opiskelijaksi Opiskelu Tutkimus YksikĂśt Yhteystiedot AJANKOHTAISTA Aikalainen Avoimet tyĂśpaikat Opiskelijablogi Rehtoriblogi lisĂ¤Ă¤ ajankohtaisia PALVELUT Aktuaarinkanslia Avoin yliopisto Hallinto Kansainvliset asiat Kielikeskus Kielipalvelut Kirjaamo Kirjasto Liikuntapalvelut Viestint Tietohallinto Tutkimuspalvelut TĂ¤ydennyskoulutus Yhteiskuntatieteellinen tietoarkisto lisĂ¤Ă¤ palveluita OPISKELU Opetusohjelma Opinto-oppaat lisĂ¤Ă¤ palveluita opiskelijalle SĂISET PALVELUT Intra Moodle (learning2) Nelli NettiOpsu / NettiRekka NettiKatti SĂ¤hkĂśinen tenttipalvelu TamPub Tamcat Webmail Wentti this link Onama UvodĐ¤ NaĹĄstudij Profesori Org.jedinice Galerija Pitanjaodgovori Smjerovi Upis Vanrednistudij VodiÄ? UvodĐ¤ Novosti Radnamjesta Odnosiu NaĹĄaizdanja DiplomciĐ¤ ObavjeĹĄtenja Usluge NaĹĄaadresa SluĹžbe Javitese Prijaviteupis Akademskiportal UÄ?enjedaljinu Web-mail Osoblje Homepage Buttons by Vista-Buttons.com v4.5.0 ENGLISH PAGES QUICK FACTS UVOD U ĐĐ¤ ZNAKOVI I PORUKE ZANIMLJIVOSTI WEB-MAIL ULAZ NA ĐĐ¤ UÄENJE NA DALJINU Kako do nas? Copyright 2010 Kappa Phi College Prava i uslovi koriĹĄtenja PĹŽJÄOVNA AV KURZY PUBLIKACE KATEDRA MSĹ˝ MUNIMEDIA.CZ Katedra mediĂĄlnĂ­ch studiĂ­ a Ĺžurnalistiky Informace pro studenty TerminĂĄĹ JS 2014 SZZ PS 2013 ĂednĂ­ hodiny sekretariĂĄtu od 8.1.2014 TerminĂĄĹ PS 2013 vĂ­ce informacĂ­ AKTUALITY SpoluprĂĄce s Ligou lidskĂ˝ch prĂĄv Co to je clona? Expozice? Jak sprĂĄvnÄ nastavit kameru? THE FUTURE OF JOURNALISM IN EUROPE NabĂ­dka stĂĄĹžĂ­ v Ä vĂ­ce novinek PracovnĂ­ pĹĂ­leĹžitosti Czech-American TV hledĂĄ novĂŠ Ä?leny do dobrovolnickĂŠho tĂ˝mu na pozici PR PRACOVNĂ?K Junior PR asistent Editor a sazeÄ? - neplacenĂŠ AktuĂĄlnÄ.cz hledĂĄ novĂŠho kolegu na pozici redaktor/editor vĂ­ce nabĂ­dek HlavnĂ­ strĂĄnka Aktuality Informace pro studenty OdbornĂŠ praxe Studium NovĂŠ - jednooborovĂŠ kombinovanĂŠ bakalĂĄĹskĂŠ studium StudijnĂ­ aktuality PracovnĂ­ pĹĂ­leĹžitosti Katedra LidĂŠ ZĂĄzemĂ­ katedry PĹŻjÄ?ovna, uÄ?ebna PC54, stĹiĹžna VÄda a vĂ˝zkum StudentskĂŠ projekty Projekty OP VK Odkazy Kontakty (c) 2010 Katedra mediĂĄlnĂ­ch studiĂ­ a Ĺžurnalistiky - informace o katedĹe a studiu Mapa strĂĄnek | Nahoru | Fakulta sociĂĄlnĂ­ch studiĂ­ | Masarykova univerzita SMIT iLab.o Digital Society Blog Press Releases Upcoming Events Past Events Publications Projects Past Projects Visits Home De Morgen (February 21st, 2014) - Rob Heyman on the WhatsApp acquisition De Tijd (February 5th, 2014) - Caroline Pauwels on Bhaalu Terzake (February 3rd, 2014) - Rob Heyman about Facebook European Journal of Communication - Hilde Van den Bulck Karen Donders on VRTs management contract Reyers Laat (January 20, 2014) â Katleen Gabriels on ethics of technology The need for media regulation in Flanders 18/02/2014 - 20/05/2014 24/03/2014 - 25/03/2014 EuroCPR2014 22/06/2014 - 25/06/2014 25th European Regional Conference of the International Telecommunication Society UGG 2013 new ugg boots 2014 Doudoune Canada Goose f50 ugg moncler pas cher Duysburgh(2014) Exploring the Social-technological Gap in Telesurgery: Collaboration within Distributed OR Teams Komorowski(2014) Deliverable 2.1 The MEDIA ID Charter and Principles Veeckman(2013) Komorowski(2013) Deliverable 6.1 Business Model Analysis for G@S Baelden(2013) De Sociale Staat van Vlaanderen 2013: Van digitale naar maatschappelijke participatie Coppens(2013) Media ID - D 6.1: Scenario description and social requirements analysis - Part 1: An explorative qualitative user study Search Simon Fraser University Engaging the World School of Communication This site SFU.ca directory Connect SIS Canvas A-Z Directory a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z Sign in SFU Connect + mySFU Student Information System Canvas Nav School of Communication Overview Overview Overview Overview Overview Overview Overview Overview The Machine learn CMNS Double Degree learn 40th anniversary learn Japanese Canadian Blue River Road Camp Collection 0 comments readmore The Machine 0 comments readmore Graduate Conference 2014: Feb. 15th-16th 0 comments Please join us at the 2014 Western Canada Graduate Conference of Critical Studies on Feb.... readmore Occupy Public Broadcasting: alt. futures for the CBC 0 comments readmore Open Development: Networked Innovations in International Development 0 comments Co-edited by Communication's Katherine Reilly,Open Development: Networked Innovations in... readmore Rick Cluff Visits Communication Class 0 comments readmore Stream Vol 5 Published 0 comments readmore Hiring: Tenure track Assistant Professor in Global Communication 0 comments readmore In The Media Rob McMahon and Norm Leech: Indigenous people organize, innovate for digital self-determination David Peddie on Science and Democracy in The Georgia Straight Global TV News Interview with Professor Peter Chow-White: Reducing Kids Screen Time CBC Spark Radio Featured Interview with Professor Peter Chow-White: Genomic Identification Peter Chow-White on Electronic Junk Tweets by @sfucmns Admission Programs Learning Research Community About Maps + directions Library Academic Calendar Road Report Give to SFU Connect with us Facebook Twitter YouTube Contact us K9671 Shrum Science Centre 778.782.3687 Terms and conditions Simon Fraser University Browse School of Journalism and Communication Home About News Journalism Program Communication Program Research Projects Employment Opportunities Readerâs Digest Resource Centre (RDRC) CU Survey Centre Focus Group Facility Rental CJTV Studio Facility Rental Contact Contact Information 1125 Colonel By Drive Ottawa, ON, Canada, K1S 5B6 Fax: 613-520-6690 Office hours: 8:30-16:30       613-520-2600 x7404 School of Journalism and Communication Navigation Link Search Link Search Search Carleton.ca About Admissions Academics Research Campus Life Alumni Staff/Faculty Current Students Future Students Go to homepage for: Future Students Current Students Staff/Faculty Alumni Parents School of Journalism and Communication Search Search Journalism and Communication Spotlight on Journa... News Journalism Program Communication Program About the School Contact Information January 13, 2014 Scanlon publishes on Spanish flu deaths in Natural Hazards Observer January 13, 2014 Brady Publishes on Residential School Survivor Testimonials and Media January 8, 2014 Wagman publishes in Canadian Journal of Communication on game show formats View all News Home About News Journalism Program Communication Program Research Projects Employment Opportunities Readerâs Digest Resource Centre (RDRC) CU Survey Centre Focus Group Facility Rental CJTV Studio Facility Rental Contact The School of Journalism and Communication offers undergraduate programs including the Bachelor of Journalism and Bachelor of Arts in Communication Studies. In addition, we offer graduate programs including the Master of Journalism, Master of Arts in Communication, and PhD in Communication. Spotlight on Journalism and Communication Journalism Program Communication Program About the School Contact Information News Scanlon publishes on Spanish flu deaths in Natural Hazards Observer Professor Emeritus JOE SCANLON and Breanna Lester, a fourth-year history student have co-authored an article in the Natural Hazards Observer published by the Natural Hazards Center, University of Colorado, Boulder. The article tells how the so-called Spanish flu killed more US soldiers than the... More Monday, January 13th, 2014 in Journalism News Feed for all posts filed under Journalism News , News Feed for all posts filed under News Brady Publishes on Residential School Survivor Testimonials and Media Between the 1870s through the 1990s, more than 150,000 First Nations, Inuit, and Mtis children were enrolled in government-funded, church-run Indian Residential Schools in Canada. The schools reflected policies aimed at assimilating Aboriginal peoples into majority culture. Many Aboriginal... More Monday, January 13th, 2014 in Communication News Feed for all posts filed under Communication News , News Feed for all posts filed under News Wagman publishes in Canadian Journal of Communication on game show formats IRA WAGMAN has just published a piece in the latest issue of the Canadian Journal of Communication. The article is entitled Global Formats and Canadian Television: The Case of Deal or no Deal. It uses the game show as a case study to explore the importance of circulation as a concept... More Wednesday, January 8th, 2014 in Communication News Feed for all posts filed under Communication News , News Feed for all posts filed under News View all News Select Category Select Category News Communication News Journalism News School of Journalism and Communication | 4309 River Building , 1125 Colonel By Drive | Ottawa, ON, Canada, K1S 5B6 Tel: 613-520-2600 x7404 | Fax: 613-520-6690 | Office hours: 8:30-16:30 Contact information | Faculty and Staff Accessibility Carleton University Subscribe to our Feed Carleton University Back to Top Please provide your credentials. UWinID Password . Useful Links Change Password Reset Forgotten Password What is my UWinID? What is my iNotes password? Need more help? Contact the IT Services HelpDesk - phone: at 253-3000 ext.4440 - e-mail: helpdesk@uwindsor.ca - web: www.uwindsor.ca/its . . Š2012 University of Windsor | 401 Sunset Avenue | Windsor, Ontario N9B 3P4 | 519-253-3000 . Department of Communication Main Page About Us Personnel Alumni Newsletter Undergraduate Program Graduate Program Class Resources Speaking Center Writing Center Mediation Center Additional Resources UAF Home Page Department of Communication Main Page About Us Personnel Alumni Newsletter Undergraduate Program Graduate Program Class Resources Speaking Center Writing Center Mediation Center Additional Resources UAF Home Page Our Mission Statement What We Stand For Communication focuses on understanding the processes that occur when individuals interact or link with one another, whether in interpersonal, small group, family, organizational, or public situations. Courses in Communication emphasize understanding what happens in direct verbal and nonverbal interaction between people, as opposed to written communication, or to interaction via television, radio, or film. Courses in Communication acknowledge both that communication occurs between persons who are diverse in gender, cultural background, and belief, and that such diversity is becoming increasingly apparent in an ever more complex and interdependent global society.   The primary emphasis of courses in Communication is providing students with an understanding of the processes that occur when individuals interact with one another. Upper division courses focus on helping majors and minors develop their abilities to make informed, critical analyses of their own and others' communication acts, and to apply their knowledge in facilitating effective communication in social situations characterized by diversity in gender, cultural background, and belief. This background has led graduating majors to professional careers in law, government, education, and business. A secondary concern, particularly in the lower division courses, is to provide students with an understanding of human communication that will help them in developing their personal abilities to communicate with diverse individuals in a variety of social situations. Contact Us Location ------------ 5th Floor Gruening Business Hours --- Monday through Friday 8:00am - 4:00pm Phone --------------- (907) 474-6591 E-mail --------------- fycomm@uaf.edu Social media and current events The University of Alaska Fairbanks system. jmbays@alaska.edu This Site is Mobile Web Ready Back to Top Welcome to Arkansas State University! Skip to Main Section Skip to Primary Navigation Skip to Audience Navigation (Parents, Current Students, Etc.) Skip to Audience Navigation (Parents, Current Students, Etc.) Skip to search area Skip to Footer www.astate.edu Home Admissions Undergraduate Graduate Online International Financial Aid Residence Life Recruitment Admissions, Records and Registration X Close Academics Degrees Offered Colleges & Departments Honors College Graduate School Degree Centers Instructional Sites Military Science VC for Academic Affairs & Research X Close Campus Life Student Union Leadership Center Multicultural Center International Programs Campus Recreation Dining Services Student Health Center VC for Student Affairs X Close Research Research & Technology Transfer Research Opportunities Sponsored Programs Accounting Library X Close About ASU Quick Facts History & Heritage Accreditations About Jonesboro Visit Campus Diversity Institutional Research & Planning Chancellor's Office X Close Info For: On Campus: Search: Info For: Future Students Current Students Parents Faculty & Staff Alumni Community Giving Library Athletics News Calendar myCampus A-Z Index A-Z Index Maps & Directions Parking University Police Student Health Center Dining Services Calendar myCampus Faculty / Staff Directory Search: Master of Science in Mass Communications Learn More Channel 18 ASU-TV Learn More Master of Arts Communication Studies Learn More Bachelor of Arts Communication Studies Learn More Bachelor of Science Multimedia Journalism Learn More Bachelor of Science Creative Media Production Learn More Arkansas State University Herald Learn More Bachelor of Science Strategic Communications Learn More Colleges College of MediaÂ & Communication Todays ever-changing news cycle and increasing reliance on technology requires a more diverse and well-rounded communications professional. A foundation for success The College of Media Communication combines a foundation in the liberal arts and sciences with a core of professional courses to give students the knowledge base and skill set needed to succeed in communications. Studies in the college allow students to learn to gather, organize, synthesize and communicate information professionally in a democratic, multi-cultural society. They learn to think critically and communicate effectively in preparation for productive roles in news, radio, television, film, public relations, organizational communication, advertising, photojournalism, graphic communications, web and multimedia production and design or health communication. Students also find communications courses excellent preparation for graduate work and the study of law. We are certified by the Accrediting Council on Education in Journalism Mass Communications for our undergraduate programs in journalism and radio-television. Only 109 schools in the U.S. are accredited by ACEJMC. On March 1, 2014, Arkansas high school students will compete inover 20 communication contests. The school accumulating the highest number of points will receive the sweepstakes plaque. ASU-TV The Herald KASU Printing Services Have you changed jobs recently? Keep us current by submitting your information on our updates page. Home Colleges Degrees Offered News Internships Scholarships About the College Student Organizations Faculty Staff Public Accountability Your tax deductible gift, regardless of size, helps the College of Media Communication provide a high quality education to students from the Mid-South and beyond. comm@astate.edu P.O. Box 1930 Directories A-State Alerts Maps & Directions Employment Feedback Open Records Appropriate Use Tax Fraud Info Arkansas State University Jonesboro, Arkansas | (870) 972-2100 
