 about search site map editors donate contact help Subscribe! Manage Subscription Subscription Help Editors Board Discussion Logs H-Ethnic Reviews Academic Programs Archives Bibliographies Exhibitions Resources Syllabi & Dissertations H-Ethnic Links H-Afro-Am H-AmIndian H-Antisemitism H-Holocaust H-Judaic Search all H-Net Logs - - - - - - - Reviewer: Stephanie Parham Title: Changing Women, Changing Nation: Female Agency, Nationhood, and Identity in Trans-Salvadoran Narratives Author: Yajaira M. Padilla Reviewer: Monica Pelayo Title: Blurring the Color Line: The New Chance for a More Integrated America Author: Richard Alba Reviewer: Micah Salkind Title: From Jim Crow to Jay-Z: Race, Rap, and the Performance of Masculinity Author: Miles White H-Ethnic Editors H-Ethnic RSS Site Search... Search Search in... News Research Blindspots Program Opportunities People Search events instead Ethnic, Immigration, and Pluralism Studies Back to the Munk School of Global Affairs About Us Collaborative Graduate Program Global Migration Research Institute From the Director Events People Contact and Find Us 7th Annual Ethnic and Pluralism Graduate Conference: Summary and Photos January 30, 2014 Barrington Walker Lecture Scot Wortley gives lecture on Racial Profiling Discrimination, identities and racial boundaries in France November 1, 2013: Leti Volpp Lecture a huge success October 20, 2013: Freedom in Diversity September 25: Conference on Chinese Immigration to Canada Reitz Lecture Attracts Capacity Crowd QA with Randall Hansen: Major debates and challenges in immigration Canada and Europe* Immigrants Precarious Legal Status: Economic Consequences QA with Raymond Breton: The role of religion in the integration of minorities in Canada 7th Annual Ethnic and Pluralism Graduate Conference: Summary and Photos Our 7th Annual EPS Graduate Conference was held January 30-31, 2014 at the Munk School of Global Affairs. Great presentations and discussions - summary and photos now available! Read more January 30, 2014 Barrington Walker Lecture This exciting event will be part of our 2013-2014 Harney Lecture Series in Ethnicity and will also serve as the keynote lecture for the 7th Annual Ethnic and Pluralism Studies Graduate Research Conference. Open to the public. Event Poster Scot Wortley gives lecture on Racial Profiling A large audience gathered on November 28, 2013 to hear Scot Wortley (Centre for Criminology and Socio-legal Studies, University of Toronto) talk about his research on racial profiling in Canada. Event photos and related paper now available. Lecture Details Discrimination, identities and racial boundaries in France Another successful event in the Harney Lecture Series in Ethnicity. Patrick Simon (INED) gives highly informative presentation on immigration research in France (November 7, 2013). Lecture Details November 1, 2013: Leti Volpp Lecture a huge success The second event in the Harney Lecture Series saw another big turnout on November 1, 2013. Leti Volpp (UC Berkley) gave a lecture entitled "Indigenous as Alien" at the Munk School of Global Affairs. Go to Harney Lectures Page October 20, 2013: Freedom in Diversity Harney Professor Jeffrey Reitz was a discussant for a presentation by Timothy Garton Ash (Oxford University) entitled "Freedom in Diversity: Ten Lessons for Public Policy in Britain, Canada, France, Germany and the United States". Read more September 25: Conference on Chinese Immigration to Canada Harney Professor Jeffrey Reitz was on the panel at the Conference on Chinese Immigration to Canada, an event co-sponsored by the R.F. Harney Program. Read more Reitz Lecture Attracts Capacity Crowd Jeffrey Reitz's lecture "The Sociology of Multiculturalism: Philosophical Debate vs. Empirical Data" was held on Sep 19, 2013 at the Munk School of Global Affairs. Presentation slides and full paper now available. Read more QA with Randall Hansen: Major debates and challenges in immigration Canada and Europe* Interview by Loretta Ho and Harbi Natt Read more Immigrants Precarious Legal Status: Economic Consequences Study by Luin Goldring and Patricia Landolt Read more QA with Raymond Breton: The role of religion in the integration of minorities in Canada Interview by Momo Kano Podolsky and Loretta Ho Read more View Features Archive Show Only: Photos Videos Articles Learn about our Lecture Series and Graduate Conference OUR MAIN SPONSORED EVENTS The Harney Lecture Series in Ethnicity features internationally renowned scholars in the field of ethnic studies and are open to the public. Go to Harney Lecture Series Page Our Annual Ethnic and Pluralism Studies Graduate Research Conference is the premier forum for students to showcase their work. Learn how you can participate. Go to Graduate Conference Page Social Media Connection Many of our faculty, students, and staff are online engaging in a vibrant discussion on ethnic, immigration, and pluralism studies. Join the conversation! Follow @munkschool Munk School of Global Affairs @ University of Toronto 315 Bloor Street West (At the Observatory) Toronto, Ontario, M5S 0A7 Canada 1 Devonshire Place (At Trinity College) Toronto, Ontario, M5S 3K7 Canada Ethnic, Immigration, and Pluralism Studies Homepage About Us Collaborative Graduate Program GMRI From the Director Events Articles People Contact and Find Us General Inquiries: munkschool@utoronto.ca or (416) 946-8900 Munk School of Global Affairs Copyright 2014, All rights reserved. Hand-crafted by Ninesides Back to Top University of Toronto Home News Events People International Partnerships Find Us Login Newsletter Signup Sign up for the Munk School Newsletter Submit Strict NO SPAM policy. We value your privacy, and will never share your contact info. HOME About NAES History Membership Board Officers Board of Directors Committees 42nd Annual Conference CONFERENCE REGISTRATION DETAILS 2014 Conference Hotel Information Visiting Oakland and Mills College PUBLICATIONS ETHNIC STUDIES REVIEW THE ETHNIC REPORTER The Ethnic Reporter About the Editor FORum Pamphlet Series About the FORum Pamphlet Series Editor PRESS RELEASES CURRENT NEWS Board Members News AWARDS 2014 Awards Submission and Details Irby Distingushed Service Award RESOURCES EMPLOYMENT JOB OPENINGS Post a Job PROGRAM REVIEW SERVICES LINKS TENURE PROMOTION EXTERNAL REVIEWERS CONTACT DONATIONS FORum Pamphlet Series Submissions About the FORum Pamphlet Series Editor FORum Blog NAES Membership Sign Up Membership Sign Up 2014 Conference Conference Registration Form Conference Registration Pricing Conference Schedule Call for Proposals Research Justice Convening Hotel Accommodations Visiting Mills College and Oakland, CA Conference Tours Organizing Principles Wellness as Decolonization Track Donations to NAES Follow Us! The oldest ethnic studies association in the United States, the National Association for Ethnic Studies (NAES) was founded in 1972. A non-profit organization, NAES provides an interdisciplinary forum for scholars and activists concerned with the national and international dimensions of ethnicity. The Association welcomes scholars and teachers at all educational levels, students, libraries, civic and governmental organizations, and all persons interested in ethnicity, ethnic groups, intergroup relations, and the cultural life of ethnic minorities. As a non-profit corporation, NAES provides a vehicle for interested members and donors to promote responsible scholarship and advocacy in the diverse fields of inquiry which constitute ethnic studies. Current News NAES President Ron Scapp: Audio Interview on the Importance of Ethnic Studies NAES President Ron Scapp: KABC-LA Interview on Status of Ethnic Studies Programs in California NAES Board Member Raul Rubio Publishes: La Habana: cartografĂ­as culturales Ethnic Inspirations See images HOME 42nd Annual Conference PUBLICATIONS AWARDS EMPLOYMENT RESOURCES DONATIONS CONTACT NAES@ethnicstudies.org Phone: (662) 325-7862 Fax: (662) 325-2716 Website: Ritama Design Programming: Nilzon Designs Powered by WordPress Skip to main content Toggle navigation About Research Practice Press Contact Donate What's New An Open Letter to Prosecutor Angela Corey and the Legal Community In an open letter, we urge Prosecutor Corey and all members of the legal community to understand how race operates in legal settings in the form of implicit bias, and when appropriate, to explicitly talk about how these biases impact behavior. Moving the Race Conversation Forward "Moving the Race Conversation Forward" is a report by Race Forward: The Center for Racial Justice Innovation that aims to reshape and reform the way we talk about race and racism in our country. Register Now for Facing Race! A unique collaborative space for racial justice movement making, Facing Race is the largest multiracial, inter-generational gathering for organizers, educators, creatives and other leaders. Facing Race will be held in Dallas, Texas onÂ November 13-15, 2014. Submit your workshop proposals ! Register today ! Drop the I-Word Campaign We launched the Drop the I-Word campaign in September 2010 to eliminate use of the dehumanizing slur â? to describe immigrants. By Spring 2013, the Associated Press, USA Today, LA Times, San Francisco Chronicle, and many other news outlets dropped the i-word, affecting millions of readers daily nationwide. Race Forward advances racial justice through research, media, and practice. Race Forward Race Forward: The Center for Racial Justice Innovation was formerly known as the Applied Research Center (ARC). The goal of our rebrand is to: Lead with race in the same way that our organization does. Highlight the centrality of addressing "Race" and the importance of paving the way "Forward" to racial justice. Convey the urgency of moving forward using the word "Race." Race Forward advances racial justice through research, media, and practice. Founded in 1981, Race Forward brings systematic analysis and an innovative approach to complex race issues to help people take effective action toward racial equity. About Research Cutting edge, original research on pressing racial justice issues. Intersectional approach to how race compounds and intersects with other societal issues, which can be described as "race and..." Strong social change practice. Media Colorlines , a daily news site where race matters with award winning investigative reporting and news analysis. Use of storytelling and multimedia to amplify key issues we cover. Pushing key race stories into the mainstream media. Practice Facing Race , the largest conference for racial justice movement-making, focused on alliance-building, issue framing, and advancing solutions. Speakers, training, consulting services. Action-oriented campaigns, such as Drop the I-Word, which seeks to eliminate the derogatory term "illegal." Subscribe Keep up to date with e-mail updates from Race Forward and Colorlines Sign up Donate Together we can make racial justice a reality Race Forward needs your support so people of all races can have equal opportunities and outcomes. Give Now Research Reports Media Practice Tools Webinars About Us Staff Board Jobs Contact Us Press Press Releases Toolbox Toggle navigation About Research Practice Press Contact Donate THE APPLIED RESEARCH CENTER IS NOW: We are really excited about our new name and look! Stay tuned through Spring 2014 as we re-organize our website to make the content even more accessible. Continue to Race Forward african american studies | american indian studies | asian american studies | chicano/a studies MRGi working to secure the rights of minorities and indigenous peoples GO Connect: Twitter Facebook Flickr YouTube sitemap accessibility contact us About Us Our Work News Programmes Publications Who are minorities? Law Home Default font size Increase font size Graphic version Print this page Mail a friend Rights group urges Kenyan government to stop parcelling Endorois community land without consultation Minority Rights Group International condemns the use of excessive force by the Kenyan police against the Endorois community in the Mochongoi Forest, Marigat, Baringo County on 14 February. A group of Endorois peacefully assembled on 14 February to protest the Ministry of Lands planned issuance of title deeds and parcelling of their land to non-Endorois. Disturbing video footage shows police beating and arresting Endorois youth. The violence occurred during a meeting with the Marigat District Commissioner, to discuss a land dispute between the Endorois and unknown men who had attempted to sub-divide a piece of land the Endorois claim is theirs. Read more... MRG blog Sochi Olympic Games cold comfort to minorities Darya Alekseeva, MRGs Russian Federation Programme Coordinator, argues that the government should be investing more of its time and financial resources on long-term programmes to address the challenges faced by the countrys minorities, rather than splashing out huge sums of money on one-off prestige events. Read more... Respect for minorities still doubtful under Nepals new Constituent Assembly Nepals Constituent Assembly has been seated more than two months after elections, and the countrys minorities are still processing the significance of the results. Kaz Obuka, MRGs South Asia Programmes Intern, presents the following analysis. Read more... More news Bangladesh must end violence against religious minorities: MRG - See more at: http://www.minorityrights.org/12229/press-releases/bangladesh-must-end-violence-against-religious-minorities-mrg.html#sthash.P6ULvR9z.dpuf Anti-minority referendum in Croatia to go to the Constitutional Court for review Front cover of a report by MRG on minorities in Croatia. Minority Rights Group Europe is concerned that the recent demand for a referendum to limit the use of minority languages in public life in Croatia could, if successful, lead to an infringement of key rights. It would disproportionately affect, in particular, the Serbian minority. Read more... Minority Voices Newsroom New MRG podcast Rohingya families living in basic home-made shelters near Rakhine state capital Sittwe. Mathias Eick EU/ECHO January 2013 In the latest MRG podcast,we investigate the current situation for religious minorities in Pakistan, take a look at the plight of Burmas stateless Rohingya, and check out a Maasai choir from the plains of East Africa. Read more... Also in the Newsroom... Burma: Leaked documents expose government complicity in persecution of Rohingya Photo: Rohingya families living in basic home-made shelters near Rakhine state capital Sittwe. Mathias Eick EU/ECHO Related links Subscribe to MRG's eBulletin Jobs, Internships & Volunteering World Directory of Minorities and Indigenous Peoples Read our cookies policy The internet's leading information resource on minorities around the globe MRG's annual study of those groups or peoples around the world most at risk A comprehensive overview of the world's minorities and indigenous peoples site by Tincan top of page MRG 2007 sitemap accessibility tc's privacy policy contact us donate Options CURRENT PROJECTS PUBLICATIONS Browse Newest Browse by Topic Browse by Author UI Press PRESS ROOM Contact an Expert Press Releases Testimony Commentary Social Media EVENTS Upcoming and Recent Past Events Archive RESOURCES Data Tools Fact Sheets Five Questions Interviews Jargon Decoder Video ABOUT US Annual Report History Mission Officers and Trustees Careers Policy Centers Support UI Contact Us Latest Research Browse by Author Browse by Topic Children and Youth Cities and Neighborhoods Crime and Justice Economy and Taxes Education Employment Families and Parenting Governing Health and Healthcare Housing Immigrants Infrastructure International Development Nonprofits Performance Measurement / Mgmt Poverty, Assets and Safety Net Race, Ethnicity, Gender Retirement and Older Americans Washington D.C. Region POLICY CENTERS Health Policy Center Income & Benefits Policy Center International Development and Governance Justice Policy Center Labor, Human Services, & Population Policy Center Low-Income Working Families Project Metropolitan Housing & Communities Policy Center Nonprofits & Philanthropy UrbanBrookings Tax Policy Center Urban Institute E-mail Newsletters Subscribe to receive the latest news on topics of your choice. URBAN INSTITUTE 2100 M Street NW Washington, DC 20037 Contact Us Careers Urban Institute Racial and Ethnic Disparities Key Findings from the National Survey of America's Families Sarah Staveteig , Alyssa Wigton Read complete document: PDF Print this page Share: | E-mail Document date: February 01, 2000 Released online: February 01, 2000 Number B-5 in Series, New Federalism: National Survey of America's Families The nonpartisan Urban Institute publishes studies, reports, and books on timely topics worthy of public consideration. The views expressed are those of the authors and should not be attributed to the Urban Institute, its trustees, or its funders. Note: Those wishing to print this report may find it easier to use the PDF Version . M ore than 30 years after the passage of civil rights legislation, significant economic and social inequalities persist amongst racial and ethnic groups in the United States. Analysis of well-being by race and ethnicity using data from the 1997 National Survey of Americas Families (NSAF) confirms that disparities exist both within and across all racial and ethnic groups. Even at higher incomes, whites and Asians repeatedly fare better than blacks, Hispanics, and Native Americans. 1 2 However, despite similarities in well-being among blacks, Hispanics, and Native Americans and between whites and Asians, the groups also differ significantly across several measures, which suggests that new policy approaches may be needed to reduce inequalities. Poverty 3 Figure 1 shows poor (below 100 percent of the FPL) and low-income (below 200 percent of the FPL) people by race and ethnicity. Across all racial and ethnic groups, 15 percent of the nonelderly are poor. Blacks, Hispanics, and Native Americans, however, each have poverty rates almost twice as high as Asians and almost three times as high as whites. Among low-income persons, inequalities across racial and ethnic groups persist. While 26 percent of whites and 29 percent of Asians are low-income, the rate is 49 percent for blacks, 54 percent for Native Americans, and 61 percent for Hispanics. Hispanics are significantly more likely than blacks to be low-income. Family Structure figure 2 shows, the vast majority of white and Asian children lived with two parents, while slightly more than half of Hispanic children and half of Native American children lived in two-parent families. In contrast, only about one-third of black children lived with two parents, a rate less than half the national average. Asian children were significantly more likely than white children to live in two-parent families. Child Support table 1 ). White children with a nonresident parent were more likely to receive child support (58 percent) than all other groups, including Asian children (43 percent). Black children with a nonresident parent were also significantly more likely to receive child support than their Hispanic counterparts (48 percent versus 40 percent). Table 1 Children with a Nonresident Parent Who Recieved Child Support, by Race and Ethnicity, 1996-1997 White Non-Hispanic % Black Non-Hispanic % Hispanic, All Races % Asian and Pacific Islander Non-Hispanic % Native American and Aleut Eskimo Non-Hispanic % All Races/ Ethnicities % 58.4 48.4 40.1 43.0 37.6 51.9 Source: Urban Institute calculations from the 1997 National Survey of America's Families. Food and Housing Hardship table 2 ). The differences in food hardship across racial and ethnic groups are striking; across all income groups, Hispanic, black, and Native American nonelderly experienced food problems at a rate nearly twice that of white and Asian nonelderly. table 2 ). Across all income levels, the bimodal pattern of well-being by ethnic group was again apparent, since rates of housing hardship for blacks, Hispanics, and Native Americans were twice as high as those for Asians and whites. Asians, however, were significantly less likely than whites to report housing hardship. Although it appears that higher-income Native Americans were less likely to report housing hardship than whites, this difference was not statistically significant. Intragroup disparities were pronounced in many racial and ethnic groups, including Asians, whose rates of housing insecurity among low-income families were more than five times higher than among higher-income families. Table 2 Nonelderly in Families Experiencing Food or Housing Hardship within the Past Year, 1997 White Non-Hispanic % Black Non-Hispanic % Hispanic, All Races % Asian and Pacific Islander Non-Hispanic % Native American and Aleut Eskimo Non-Hispanic % All Races/ Ethnicities % Nonelderly in Families Experiencing Food Hardship Low-Income 40.4 55.3 55.0 36.9 58.9 45.9 Higher-Income 11.4 20.4 22.8 15.8 32.1 13.3 All Incomes 18.2 34.7 40.8 21.4 44.7 22.8 Nonelderly in Families That Were Unable to Pay Rent, Mortgage, or Utility Bills Low-Income 24.2 29.8 24.5 20.7 40.5 25.4 Higher-Income 6.5 13.2 11.6 3.5 5.3 7.4 All Incomes 11.1 21.4 19.4 8.5 24.4 13.4 Source: Urban Institute calculations from the 1997 National Survey of America's Families. Health Status and Health Insurance figure 3 shows, Hispanic adults were by far the most likely to be in fair or poor health. Racial and ethnic disparities in health status persisted across both low- and higher-income groups. Low-income Hispanic adults in particular were most likely to report being in fair or poor health (33 percent), and this rate was significantly different from that of any other racial/ethnic group. In comparison, 23 percent of blacks and 20 percent of Native Americans and whites in the low-income bracket reported fair or poor health status. Low-income Asian adults were the least likely to be in fair or poor health (12 percent), a rate significantly lower than that for whites. table 3 . 4 Across all income levels, the vast majority of white and Asian children were privately insured, while less than half of black, Hispanic, and Native American children had private coverage. 5 Among low-income children, 16 percent of black children were uninsured, whereas 19 percent of Asian and white children were (not a significant difference). Comparative-ly, 29 percent of low-income Hispanic children and 48 percent of Native American children were uninsured. Among adults, patterns of disparity across different racial and ethnic groups again emerge. The prevalence of uninsurance is much higher for black, Native American, and Hispanic adults than for whites and Asians. White adults were significantly less likely than Asian adults to be uninsured. Table 3 Health Insurance Coverage of Children and Nonelderly Adults, but Race and Ethnicity, 1997 White Non-Hispanic % Black Non-Hispanic % Hispanic, All Races % Asian and Pacific Islander Non-Hispanic % Native American and Aleut Eskimo Non-Hispanic % All Races/ Ethnicities % Health Insurance Coverage of Children Low-Income Uninsured 18.5 16.4 29.4 18.8 48.0 21.0 Publicly Insured 30.3 53.0 44.2 42.5 37.0 39.3 Privately Insured 51.2 30.7 26.5 38.7 15.0 39.6 Higher-Income Uninsured 4.3 7.2 7.9 5.0 10.0 4.9 Publicly Insured 4.0 11.1 8.6 5.3 4.5 5.1 Privately Insured 91.7 81.7 83.5 89.8 85.5 89.9 All Incomes Uninsured 8.8 13.1 22.8 9.4 34.9 11.8 Publicly Insured 12.4 37.9 33.2 17.1 25.8 19.8 Privately Insured 78.7 49.1 44.0 73.6 39.3 68.4 Health Insurance Coverage of Nonelderly Adults Low-Income Uninsured 31.5 34.1 52.6 38.9 57.3 36.9 Publicly Insured 18.3 29.2 16.5 14.3 28.8 19.8 Privately Insured 50.2 36.7 30.9 46.8 13.9 43.4 Higher-Income Uninsured 7.5 13.0 17.3 8.6 15.9 8.8 Publicly Insured 2.8 5.6 4.3 6.2 8.1 3.4 Privately Insured 89.7 81.4 78.3 85.2 76.0 87.9 All Incomes Uninsured 13.1 21.8 36.9 17.1 35.9 17.0 Publicly Insured 6.4 15.4 11.1 8.4 18.0 8.2 Privately Insured 80.5 62.9 52.0 74.5 46.1 74.8 Source: Urban Institute calculations from the 1997 National Survey of America's Families. Trends and Nuances Conclusion Notes Snapshots of Americas Families 1999). References Changing America: Indicators of Social and Economic Well-Being by Race and Hispanic Origin . Washington, D.C.: U.S. Government Printing Office. Poverty in the United States: 1997 About the Authors Sarah Staveteig is a research assistant in the Urban Institutes Assessing the New Federalism project. Her research interests include race and ethnicity, the working poor, state TANF policy, violence against women, and poverty. Alyssa Wigton is a research associate for the Urban Institutes Assessing the New Federalism project. She works on crosscutting research issues and assists with core management of the project. Topics/Tags: | Race/Ethnicity/Gender Related Publications Labor Force Participation, Taxes, and the Nation's Social Welfare System The Labor Market Performance of Young Black Men in the Great Recession Uninsurance Is Not Just a Minority Issue: White Americans Are a Large Share of the Growth from 2000 to 2010 Other Publications by the Authors Sarah Staveteig Alyssa Wigton Usage and reprints: Most publications may be downloaded free of charge from the web site and may be used and copies made for research, academic, policy or other non-commercial purposes. Proper attribution is required. Posting UI research papers on other websites is permitted subject to prior approval from the Urban Institutecontact publicaffairs@urban.org . If you are unable to access or print the PDF document please contact us or call the Publications Office at (202) 261-5687. Disclaimer: The nonpartisan Urban Institute publishes studies, reports, and books on timely topics worthy of public consideration. The views expressed are those of the authors and should not be attributed to the Urban Institute, its trustees, or its funders. Copyright of the written materials contained within the Urban Institute website is owned or controlled by the Urban Institute. 2013 Urban Institute 2100 M St NW Washington, DC Contact Us Privacy Policy Careers CESA // Welcome About CESA History Executive and Board Shibao Guo Evangelia Tastsoglou Henry Chow René R. Gadacz Lloyd Wong John C. Lehr Natalia Aponiuk Tamara Palmer Seiler Denise Helly James Frideres Sherry Yu Jack Jedwab Howard Ramos Past Presidents Constitution/Bylaws Our Goals Conferences Upcoming Conference 2013 Conference Previous Conferences 2012 Conference 2011 Conference 2010 Conference 2009 Conference 2007 Conference CESA Francais Field Trip Call For Papers Submitting an Abstract Registration Fees 2007 Abstracts Call for Papers Registration Fees Registration Fees Call for Papers Submitting an Abstract Membership Information CESA Français 2005 Conference 2003 Conference Membership CES Journal CESA Français Contact Us LOGIN Welcome to CESA CESA CESA Francais The Canadian Ethnic Studies Association (CESA) is a non-profit interdisciplinary organization devoted to the study of ethnicity, multiculturalism, immigration, inter-group relations and the cultural life of ethnic groups in Canada. CESA also publishes the Canadian Ethnic Studies Journal . Each member receives a subscription to Canadian Ethnic Studies/Études ethniques au Canada , a journal published three times a year. The Journal includes scholarly articles, research notes, book reviews, and bibliographic information in both English and French. As of 2013, CESA's Executive is located at the University of Calgary. The journal and central administrative office remains at the University of Manitoba. | About CESA | Why Join CESA? | Conferences | CES Journal | | CESA Français | Contact Us | Copyright Š 2013 Canadian Ethnic Studies Association. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy UC San Diego Search Menu About Us Faculty Patrick W. Anderson Kirstie Dorr Fatima El-Tayeb Yen Le Espiritu Ross H. Frank Dayo F. Gore Jillian Hernandez Adria L. Imada Sara Clarke Kaplan Roshanak Khesti Curtis Marez Gabriel Mendes Shelley Streeby Daphne Taylor-Garcia Kalindi Vora Wayne Yang Alumni Undergrad Alumni Graduate Alumni Alumni Panel Grad Alumni Publications Alumni Spotlight Staff Undergraduate Program Overview Major Minor Courses Syllabi Schedule Honors Graduate Studies Students Program Admissions Schedule Courses Syllabi Fellowships/Grants Graduate Handbook 2013-14 News Events Colloquium Undergraduate Events Graduate Notes Alumni Notes Commentaries In Print Resources Faculty Resources Student Resources Contact Search This Site All UCSD Sites Faculty/Staff Search Term HOME Spring Course Newsletter is Now Available Life with Ethnic Studies Law School Panel Learn more about our Undergraduate Program Learn more about our Graduate Program Meet our Staff! Ethnic Studies Department Our Vision Situated in a region where the US-Mexico border zone, indigenous national and tribal governments, and the Asia-Pacific interact to produce a dynamic geopolitical location, UCSDs Ethnic Studies Department is a vibrant community of scholars committed to the interdisciplinary study of race, ethnicity, indigeneity, gender, sexuality, class, and dis/ability. The departments innovative approach represents a commitment to transnational, relational, and intersectional methods for producing critical knowledge about power and inequality, including systems of knowledge that have emerged from racialized and indigenous communities in global contexts. Ethnic Studies is devoted to creative, conceptual, and empirical research; critical pedagogy; collaborations with a broad group of affiliated faculty; and social justice projects developed with and for the university, our home communities, and the broader public. Learn more about the Ethnic Studies Department , or read the UCSD Principles of Community . News Congratulations to Kit Myers (PhD 2013) on his postdoctoral fellowship! Congratulations toKit Myers who has just accepted a two-year Chancellor's Postdoctoral Fellowship in the Humanities and World Cultures unit at UC Merced. Please send your warmest congratulations and best wishes to Kit at kmyers1@gmail.com . Congratulations to Ma Vang (PhD 2012) on her new job at UC Merced! Congratulations to Ma Vang who has just accepted an offer for an appointment in Ethnic Studies in the Humanities and World Cultures unit in the School of Social Sciences, Humanities and Arts at UC Merced. Please send your warmest congratulations and best wishes to Ma at ma.vang@ucr.edu . Ma is currently in her second year as a UC President's Postdoctoral Fellow at UC Riverside. Congratulations to Ayako Sahara! Congratulations to Ayako who has been offered the position of Assistant Professor at Ohtsuki City College in Yamanashi, Japan. Please send your warmest congratulations to Ayako at aysahara@gmail.com Congratulations to Ph.D. CandidateLila Sharif! Ethnic Studies is pleased to announce that Ph.D. candidate Lila Sharif has been awarded the prestigious UC President's Postdoctoral Fellowship beginning Fall 2014. Her dissertation, "Savory Politics: The Impact of Fair Trade Olive Oil Industries on Palestinian Livelihoods," uses Palestinian olive oil trade as an optic to examine the broader issues of Palestinian identity and Palestinians relations with Israel. Lila has also been selected to be a member of the UC San Diego Chapter of the Bouchet Graduate Honor Society for 2014. Information about the Bouchet Graduate Honor Society can be found at: http://ogs.ucsd.edu/student-affairs/graduate-diversity/student-support-and-programs/bouchet-graduate-honor-society/index.html Congratulations to Lisa Cacho! Congratulations to Lisa Cacho (Ph.D. 2002) whosedissertation-based book, Social Death: Racialized Rightlessness and the Criminalization of the Unprotected (NYU 2013), was awarded the John Hope Franklin publication prize for the best book in American Studies! Congratulations to Maile Arvin! Congratulations to Maile Arvin for winning the ASA's Ralph Henry Gabriel Dissertation Prize for her dissertation, "Pacifically Possessed: Scientific Production and Native Hawaiian Critique of the "Almost White" Polynesian Race". She will receive the prize at the ASA's conference in Washington DC this November. Congratulations to Professor Dayo Gore! Congratulations to Professor Dayo Gore who is one of the Faculty Mentor Program Outstanding Mentors of 2013 . Congratulations to Thuy Vo Dang! Congratulations to Thuy, Ethnic Studies PhD 2008 who has accepted the UC Irvine Libraries' offer of the position of Archivist for the Southeast Asian Archive and Regional History. This is a full-time permanent position and will allow her to expand upon the work she has been doing as the Project Director of the Vietnamese American Oral History Project the last 2 years. Congratulations to Kit Myers! Congratulations to Kit Myers, Ph.D. candidate, whose paper " 'Real' Families: The Violence of Love in New Media Adoption" has been accepted for publication in the journal Critical Discourse Studies, slotted for its February 2014 issue. Congratulations to to Ph.D. student Seth San Juan! Congratulations to Seth San Juan will join the faculty of Palomar College as Assistant Professor of American Indian Studies. Congratulations to Professor Adria Imada! Professor Adria L. Imadahas been selected by the Organization of American Historians (OAH) to receive the 2013 Lawrence W. Levine Award , which is given annually for the best book in American cultural history. From the OAH Letter: "According to the 2013 Lawrence W. Levine Award Committee, Aloha America: Hula Circuits through the U.S. Empire (Duke University Press) introduces Imadas fascinating book with a problem: Hawaiian hula dancers were hypervisible in popular culture while leaving only the faintest traces in the archives. Through nuanced readings of diverse bodies of evidenceinterviews and oral history, newspapers and scrapbooks, photographs and U.S. military filmsImada maps the shifting meanings of hula performance from annexation to statehood to contemporary tourism. Centering the labor and mobility of the dancers, Imada locates stories of hula in the Chicago Worlds Columbian Exposition, midcentury nightclubs, and statehood events, as well as in the Pacific theatre where the troupes meet the troops. She argues that the genealogy of hula remained contested, even as increasing distance from its origins confronted dancers with the pressures of commodification and imperial imperatives for an imagined intimacy. Aloha America not only contributes to histories of performance, gender, and empire, but also presents a rich narrative about the ways in which generations of women negotiated the contradictions of heritage." Congratulations to Maile Arvin! Please join us in congratulating Maile Arvin, who this afternoon defended her dissertation, Pacifically Possessed: Scientific Production and Native Hawaiian Critique of the "Almost White" Polynesian Race. Maile will begin a UC President's Post-doctoral Fellowship at UCSC in the fall. Congratulations to Ph.D. student Alborz Ghandehari Please join us in congratulating Ph.D. studentAlborz Ghandehari who has been awarded the 2013 UCSD Friends of the International Center Scholarship. Read more News Events . Useful Links Ethnic Studies Blog MyTritonLink UC San Diego's Programs Abroad Visitor's Guide to UC San Diego Faculty Recruitment Learn more about faculty recruitment News and Events Life with Ethnic Studies Law School Panel Tuesday | Feb. 11 th | 4:00-5:30pm Resources For Undergraduates Graduates Faculty Administration UC San Diego 9500 Gilman Dr. La Jolla, CA 92093 (858) 534-2230 Copyright ÂŠ 2014 Regents of the University of California. All rights reserved. Terms Conditions Feedback Skip to Main Content My Sac State Contact Directories Find A Person or Department A - Z Index Faculty Webpages close About Academics Admissions Athletics Make A Gift Click to show Quick Links Calendars Catalog College Portrait Colleges Depts Computing Technology Jobs Library Online Courses (SacCT) SacLink Department of Ethnic Studies Welcome overview About Us Our Mission University Affiliations Ethnic Studies Student Learning Outcomes Sacramento State Baccalaureate Learning Goals Essential Employer Learning Outcomes programs B.A. Ethnic Studies Minor Ethnic Studies Minor African Studies Minor Asian Studies Minor Chicano Latino Studies Minor Native American Studies Certificate in Pan African Studies concentrations Asian American Studies Chicano Studies Native American Studies Teacher Education Pan African students Advising 4-Year Plan Transfer Plan Student Profile Student Organization Career Possibilities Service Learning Faculty and Staff In the News useful links Useful Links Forms Support Ethnic Studies Contact Us celebrated 40th anniversary Click here for story View invitation Photos third international conference on genocide Conference Website Conference Program Presenter Bios Individual Paper Proposal Panel Proposal Welcome to Ethnic Studies Ethnic Studies at California State University, Sacramento has been in existence for over 40 years! The Department is comprised of four programs: Asian American Studies ; Chicano Studies ; Native American Studies ; and Pan African Studies . Ethnic Studies is a degree-granting interdisciplinary program offering course work in the study of the histories, cultures, and contemporary issues which define and shape ethnic group experiences in the United States. The Department is fully engaged in its primary mission for teaching, research, and community based service . To view Faculty office hours, click here . Website for the Third International Conference on Genocide: Negationism, Revisionism, Survivors Testimonies, Eyewitness Accounts, Justice and Memory (Nov. 2-4, 2011) California State University, Sacramento 6000 J Street Sacramento, CA95819 (916) 278 - 6011 Comments Questions A to Z Index Accessibility CU: Home | Search | A to Z | Campus Map Home Mission History People Core Faculty Staff & Administration Faculty Affiliates Graduate Students Office Hours Research Areas of Research Publications Undergraduate Studies Undergrad Major Undergrad Minor Critical Sports Studies Undergraduate Advisor Graduate Studies PhD Program Graduate Certificate Courses Spring 2014 Courses Fall 2013 Courses Summer 2013 Courses News Events News Announcements Events Newsletter Contact Office Hours News In Honor of Black History Month February 4, 2014 Professor Reiland Rabaka's track from a bebop to hip hop project in collaboration with the Department of English and the College of Music. Read more... Ethnic Studies mourns passing of Mandela November 9, 2013 Not only did Nelson Mandela play a pivotal role in ending apartheid in South Africa, but he also inspired feedom struggles worldwide. Professor Reiland Rabaka discusses Mandela's tremendous legacy in a Denver Post article . Read more ...Â  Professor Rabaka Wins Diop Career Award October 16, 2013 Professor Reiland Rabaka has won the Cheikh Anta Diop Career Award from the Diopian Institute for Scholarly Advancement. Read more ... Â  Tweets by @EthnStudies_UCB Ethnics Studies Spotlights PhD Program This is an exciting time for the Department of Ethnic Studies. Last spring, the Board of Regents approved our proposal for a Ph.D. in Comparative Ethnic Studies .This innovative and streamlined program is designed to provide students with broad training that enables them to research and analyze the intersectional and relational workings of race, ethnicity, gender, class, and sexuality in national and transnational contexts.Â  It provides flexibility for students to pursue their individual research interests, while ensuring that they are grounded in both the foundational and cutting-edge theories in ethnic studies. Our department envisions ethnic studies as a field of study that prioritizes transnational, decolonial, indigenous and queer frameworks that interrogate the relational nature of race and its attendant categories, particularly gender, sexuality and nation.Â  However, we believe that rigorous comparative and relational analyses can only grow out of deep groundings in the particular areas of Africana, Asian American, Chicana and Chicano, and Native American/Indigenous studies.Â  Methodologically and theoretically, our faculty members possess training and expertise in interdisciplinary fields including ethnic studies, womens and gender studies, cultural studies, literary and film studies, border studies, and American studies, as well as traditional disciplines including anthropology, history, philosophy and sociology. We are now looking forward to admitting our first cohort of graduate students, who will begin studies in Fall 2014. We seek students who are driven to pursue projects that advance the field of ethnic studies, are motivated to map out individualized courses of study, and have demonstrated abilities to comprehend and apply theories, conduct original research, analyze data, and write effectively. Financial support will be available in the form of teaching assistantships and fellowships for especially qualified applicants.Â  The deadline to apply is December 1. Read more (including full details and application procedures) ... Faculty Search in American Indian Studies We are also pleased to be searching for an Assistant Professor of American Indian/Indigenous Studies. We welcome comparative, interdisciplinary, and intersectional approaches and innovative theoretical perspectives. The Department of Ethnic Studies is particularly interested in candidates with areas of specialization that complement the Departments existing strengths, and who have the potential to increase the profile of the program as well as the Departments ties with other departments/centers on campus (e.g. Native Legal Studies, Indigenous Governance, Environmental Science, Geography, Sustainability Studies, Political Science, Critical Prison Studies, Performance Studies,Â Transnational Indigenous Pacific Studies,Â and Community Health, among many other possibilities). The deadline for application is October 21. Read more (including full details and application procedures) ... New Faculty Members Two new faculty members join the department this year. Kwame Holmes is Assistant Professor of African Studies, specializing in African American history, queer history, urban history/studies, and modern U.S. history. Prior to coming to CU, he served as a postdoctoral fellow at the Carter G. Woodson Institute for African and African American studies.Â  Jenny Lind Withycombe is Instructor of Critical Sports Studies. In addition to teaching courses on sports and their intersection with race, ethnicity, gender, sexuality, and nation, she will help to develop an interdisciplinary undergraduate certificate in Critical Sports Studies. To read more about these two exciting teachers and researchers, please download the first issues of the Ethnic Studies Newsletter. Welcome aboard, Kwame and Jenny! Home | People | Research | Undergraduate Studies | Graduate Studies | Courses | News Events | Contact Ethnic Studies Department Ketchum 30 339 UCB Boulder, CO 80309-0339 303-492-8852 ethnicst@colorado.edu University of Colorado Boulder Regents of the University of Colorado Legal & Trademarks Privacy Greetings from the Chair HOME ABOUT ETHNIC STUDIES What is Ethnic Studies? What Can I Do With an Ethnic Studies Degree? The Scholarly and Intellectual Project of Ethnic Studies About UC Riverside NEWS EVENTS JOB OPPORTUNITIES FACULTY STUDENTS Department Faculty Cooperating Faculty Visiting Scholars and Lecturers Current Graduate Students Alumni DOWNLOADABLE FACULTY PUBLICATIONS MEDIA UNDERGRADUATE PROGRAM About the Program Areas of Study African American Studies Asian American Studies Chicano Studies Ethnic Studies Native American Studies Courses GRADUATE PROGRAM Statement from the Graduate Advisor The Ph.D. Program Admission Requirements Funding FAQs Courses CONTACT INFORMATION Give Now! The Department of Ethnic Studies is pleased to announce the arrival of our newest Assistant Professors, Dr. Ashon Crawley (Ph.D., English, Duke University) and Dr. Nicholas Mitchell (Ph.D., History of Consciousness, UC Santa Cruz) in Academic Year 2013-2014. Drs. Crawley and Mitchell were hired after an extensive and highly competitive national search, and they come to the department as scholars and teachers of the highest promise. Links to their academic profiles and select publications are below. Dr. Ashon Crawley CV Circum-Religious Performance: Queer(ed) Black Bodies and the Black Church Let's Get It On! Performance Theory and Black Pentecostalism Dr. Nicholas Mitchell CV The Structure of the Promise: The Geopolitics of the Cold War and Narratives of Inclusion by Kelly Coogan-Gehr, A Community of Disagreement by Danielle Bouchard, and Object Lessons by Robyn Wiegman. Recent Student and Faculty Achievements Amalia Cabezas received the 2011-2012 GEMMA Erasmus Mundus Third Country Scholar from the European Union. She was a Visiting Professor at the University of Hull, England. Prof. Jodi Kim, UC Humanities Research Institute Resident Fellow (Spring 2012) Prof. Jayna Brown, Postdoctoral Fellow, The Charles Warren Center for Studies in American History, Harvard University (2012-2013) Cristina Jogoleff, Ph.D. student, Ford Foundation Predoctoral Fellow (2012) Angelica Camacho, Ph.D. student, Ford Foundation Predoctoral Fellow (wait listed 2012) Kehaulani Vaughn, Ph.D. student, Ford Foundation Predoctoral Fellow (Honorable Mention 2012) Alejandro Villalpando, Ph.D. student, Ford Foundation Predoctoral Fellow (Honorable Mention 2012) Lindsey Schneider, Ph.D. student, Ford Foundation Predoctoral Fellow (Honorable Mention 2011) As Department Chair, it is my pleasure to introduce you to one of the most politically dynamic, and intellectually creative departments in the University of California system. Beginning in 2009-2010, the inaugural year of the Ethnic Studies Ph.D. program, we have been committed to aggressively building this program so that it produces the highest quality scholars, and supports students whose work is guided by the deepest possible commitment to critical knowledge production and social transformation. Crucially, the initiation of our graduate program announced our significance as a space of rigorous, socially engaged intellectual work within the university setting. The scholarly practices of Ethnic Studies are both practical and theoretical, addressing questions of power, social movement, freedom, liberation, community, culture, and history. These commitments reflect in the courses we teach, the books and essays we write, the events we organize, and the lectures, public interviews, and speeches we give. (You will find links to and direct downloads of some of our work on this website .) Our academic and scholarly distinction lies in our critical, transformative approach to knowledge and teaching. We neither imitate nor replicate the paradigms and curricula of traditional academic departments. The political-intellectual work of Ethnic Studies is guided by deep engagements with the living histories of peopleâs struggles to survive and transform the legacies of racial colonialism, land conquest, hemispheric chattel slavery, genocide, imperial war, and other forms of institutionalized social and cultural violence. In these pages you will find a description of who we are, how we think, and what we do. You can learn about our undergraduate majors and our new Ph.D. program, which represent some of the most innovative, socially engaged curricula in this or any university. We highlight a few of our recently graduated Ethnic Studies students, each of whom is making a significant impact in their areas of work and study, from grass roots activism to graduate and professional school. Finally, this website offers a sense of how our work reflects and carries forward a long history of collective struggles for freedom, respect, community, and intellectual self-determination. An extended description of our vision of Ethnic Studies appears below, and a full outline of course offerings and requirements for our undergraduate and graduate programs is included in other sections of this website. I hope those of you who are current or aspiring graduate and undergraduate students will consider pursuing a degree in Ethnic Studies, whether an undergraduate major or Ph.D. I also invite our colleagues from other departments, schools, colleges, and universities to contact us with proposals for exchanging ideas and developing collaborative projects. We are an inherently dynamic department: students, faculty, and staff are constantly involved in shaping and re-shaping the meaning and practice of Ethnic Studies. We hope you will participate in this exciting and necessary work. Dylan RodrĂ­guez dylan.rodriguez@ucr.edu campus: a to z index map directory calendar Search About Us Faculty Ethnic Studies Major Goals Degree Overview Faculty Course Structure Ethnic Studies Minor African American Asian Pacific American Chicana/o American Indian Studies General Ethnic Studies Office for Equity Diversity Scholarship Contact Home See All Banners Ethnic Studies: An Education for the 21 st Century The Ethnic Studies Program at the University of Utah provides students with methodological and epistemological tools to study the histories, languages, identities, politics, and cultures of racialized, transnational, and indigenous populations in the U.S. We focus on critical examinations of social categories such as indigeneity, culture, ethnicity, gender, sexuality, class, and nation. We explore these issues with comparative, relational, and interdisciplinary frameworks in order to interrogate historical and contemporary questions of power, privilege, and inequity. The faculty in the Ethnic Studies Program engages in empirical and theoretical research, student centered teaching, and creative collaborations that promote social justice and challenge existing knowledge paradigms. New Ethnic Studies Temporary Location 1635 Campus Center Drive Room 50 2011 The University of Utah Ethnic Studies Carlson Hall 112 380 S 1400 E, Salt Lake City, UT 84112 Phone: 801-581-5206 Fax: 801-581-8437 The University of Utah Webmaster Disclaimer Privacy Department of Ethnic Studies Department of Ethnic Studies Welcome to the Department of Ethnic Studies The department of Ethnic Studies at BGSU is one of the oldest programs in the nation focusing on interdisciplinary studies of race. It was established in response to student-led efforts for a center for the study of the histories of peoples of color. The department draws from its activist moorings in the Civil Rights Movement to promote a critically engaged and diverse learning community while positioning itself nationally as a center for excellence in race and ethnic studies, interdisciplinary scholarship, and community service. The scholarship and training of the faculty of Ethnic Studies is interdisciplinary and multidisciplinary. While the core courses offered by the department speak to the intellectual roots of Ethnic Studies in the US civil rights movement and student activism, our faculty also has strong expertise in globalization, immigration, and diaspora and cultural studies. The department of Ethnic Studies offers a major in Ethnic Studies, minors in Ethnic Studies and Latino/a Studies, and a Graduate Certificate in Ethnic Studies. Contact Us | Campus Map | Accessibility Policy MyBGSU Email Search Directory Academics Admissions The Arts Athletics Library A to Z Links Bowling Green State University --from the Mission Statement about faculty programs courses graduate undergraduate alumni community The Department of Ethnic Studies Asian American Studies Chicano/Latino Studies , Ethnic Studies Native American Studies , and a PhD in Ethnic Studies faculty pages Welcome from the Chair Catherine Ceniza Choy College of Letters Science | University of California, Berkeley home | copyright information | contact us | external links Events Book Talk: Migrant Teachers South Sudan in Context Dialogues: Improving Teaching Through Uncharted Waters UC Berkeley Calendar Calendar News Prof. Shari Huhndorf Wins Award from the Alaska Federation of Natives - January 8, 2014 Enroll in Berkeley Connect in Ethnic Studies for Spring 2014! - December 4, 2013 Noteworthy The Life Experiences of Chinese Immigrant Women in the U.S. by Wei-Chi Poon Ethnic Studies Library Give to Ethnic Studies Art work by Favianna Rodriguez Ethnic Studies Department ethnicst@berkeley.edu Office Hours: Mon - Thurs 9-12, 1-4, Fri 9-12 Celebrating our 40th Year ... Special Events, History, and More ... Home Contact Us Giving to Mills Undergraduate Graduate Faculty Course Descriptions Course Schedule Academic Calendar Library Study Abroad Internships Grants Special Programs Summer Session January Term Undergraduate Graduate Art Museum Athletics Recreation Center for Contemporary Music (CCM) Chapel Childrens School Commuting Diversity Programs Housing Student Activities Clubs Student Government Student Publications Bookstore Career Services Center for Academic Excellence Dining Disability Services Financial Aid Health Counseling International Students Mail Copy Center Peer Tutoring Registrar Records Safety Transportation Student Accounts Technology Writing Center Mission History Facts About Mills Notable Graduates Student Stories Administration Photo Gallery Diversity Social Justice Sustainability News Events Directions Contact Us Back to Undergraduate American Studies African African Diaspora Studies Anthropology Art History Art Studio Asian Studies Athletics, Physical Education, Recreation Biochemistry Molecular Biology Biology Biopsychology Book Art Business Economics Chemistry Child Development Chinese College 005 Computer Science Dance Economics Education Engineering English Environmental Science Environmental Studies Ethnic Studies French Francophone Studies Government Hellman Program History Institute for Civic Leadership Intermedia Arts International Relations Journalism Latin American Studies Law Letters Division Literary Cultural Studies Mathematics Medicine/Health Sciences Music Nursing Philosophy Physics Political, Legal Economic Analysis Psychology Public Policy Queer Studies Religious Studies Social Sciences Division Sociology Spanish Spanish American Studies Summer Academic Workshop Womens, Gender Sexuality Studies Home Academics Undergraduate Ethnic Studies The Ethnic Studies Department prepares Mills students for leadership and development in an increasingly multicultural, transnational, and globalized society by studying the rich history of ethnic and racial diversity in the United States from the perspectives of peoples of color. The department's curriculum promotes critical thinking and creative analysis through comparative study of the social, economic, cultural, and environmental concerns and contributions of American Indians and Alaska Natives, African Americans, Latinas/os and Chicanas/os, Asian Americans, and Pacific Islanders. At Mills, we examine racial dynamics as they intersect with gender, sexuality, class, and nation, and many of our courses focus on the unique experiences of women of color. Our curriculum also explores the transnational and diasporic dimensions of racial identities. Our faculty enable students to become involved in research and activism in local communities of color, thus making exciting connections with the vibrant diversity of the Bay Area. Recent student research interests include Latino healthcare in California, American Indian legal history, black vernacular language and humor, the emerging Latino vote, experiences of multiracial Filipinas/os, educational outcomes of Marshallese immigrant youth, and girls of color in the juvenile justice system. In addition, many of our courses include a service learning component that offers students an opportunity to learn through hands-on engagements with local, community-based organizations. Courses with a service learning component offer a .25 credit for volunteer work with an organization working on social justice issues related to communities of color. Students may take one service learning course per semester. Students also help organize a variety of activities that showcase and celebrate the contributions of people of color, including Latina/o Heritage Month; Native American Heritage Month; Black History Month; South Asian, Middle Eastern, and Pacific Islander Awareness Now! Month; and the Mills College Pow Wow. Ethnic studies students and faculty have also participated in delegations to conferences such as the World Social Forum in Mumbai, India, and Caracas, Venezuela, and the United Nations World Conference Against Racism in Durban, South Africa. The ethnic studies major at Mills combines academic excellence with a commitment to social justice. The degree provides a strong foundation for a career in the fields of diversity, education, social services, and other areas, as well as graduate school in a number of disciplines. What can I do with an ethnic studies degree? View Program Goals With Mills' unique Bachelor's to Master's 4+1 Degree Programs you can earn two academic degrees in five yearsincreasing your career options after college. Click a link below for courses you can be taking now to prepare for your Bachelor's to Master's 4+1 Degree. Education/Teaching Credential Computer Science MBA Public Policy Program Information Courses Activities Resources Message from the Chair National Association for Ethnic Studies Conference What Can I do with an Ethnic Studies Degree? Meet Ethnic Studies Alumnae Latina Heritage Month Native American Heritage Month Black History Month Pow Wow SAMEAPI Awareness Now! Ethnic Studies Events Awards Ethnic Studies Fund Womanist Journal Women of Color Resource Center Diversity at Mills Events Contact Information P: 510.430.2080 F: 510.430.2067 E: ethnic_study@mills.edu Home Terms of Use Policies Directions Contact Us Connect Last Updated: 3/19/13 Calendar Library Maps Online Services Make a Gift Search for people and pages All of OSU Ethnic Studies Ethnic Studies Select to search All of OSU Select to search for People Select to search for Media Ethnic Studies Welcome to Ethnic Studies Education for Social Justice "The interdisciplinary nature of Ethnic Studies provides a broad foundation for viewing the world around us through a variety of lenses. Moreover, the emphasis on critical thinking gives us the tools to penetrate the smokescreen that masks alternative truths." -- Ethnic Studies Alum Ethnic Studies courses 2013-2014 Ethnic Studies Newsletter Fall 2013 Check us out on Facebook! Black Beaver video. Our students, including Ethnic Studies major Anderson Duboise, respond to and support the Black Bruins (see here ), and make a statement about diversity and Black student experiences here at OSU. Who is up next!? The Speech: I Have a Dream Support Ethnic Studies Home About Us Students Undergraduate Program Major Minor Graduate Program Master of Arts in Interdisciplinary Studies ESSA Frequently Asked Questions Internship Advising Courses Faculty and Staff Alumni, Donors Friends Links and Resources School of Language, Culture Society Make a Gift Contact Us Ethnic Studies 252 Waldo Hall Oregon State University Corvallis, OR 97331-8594 Phone: (541) 737-0709 Leonora Rianda Office Coordinator 541-737-0709 leonora.rianda@ oregonstate.edu Contact Info Copyright 2014 Oregon State University Disclaimer shortcut to content Prospective Students Current Students Alumni Family Faculty Staff Email Directories A-Z Index Maps Technology Library Search Minnesota State University, Mankato Admissions Academics Research About Athletics Student Life Make a Gift Ethnic Studies Home Mission Goals Undergraduate Programs Graduate Program Graduate Diversity Certificate Online Program Student Resources Ethnic Diversity Newsletter Annual Midwest Ethnic Studies Conference Faculty Staff Contact Us College of SBS Home MNSU Ethnic Studies Page address: http://sbs.mnsu.edu/ethnic/ The Ethnic Studies Program The Department of Ethnic Studies offers an interdisciplinary program that is academically committed to promoting multicultural and ethnic knowledge, skills and values, which prepare students to effectively participate in a culturally diverse and globalized world. Faculty members and program faculty bring to the classroom not only their specific academic training but also invaluable life experiences. In addition, faculty and students are involved in cultural activities outside the classroom environment including professional conferences, internship research, cultural events, for example, âBeauty of Cultures,â? student organizations, and short-term study abroad tours. Undergraduate Program Graduate Program Diversity Certificate ESSO Contact Minnesota State Find Questions? Start Here Directories A-Z Explore Campus Visit campus Campus Maps Virtual Tour Connect with us Admissions Apply Now Undergraduate Graduate International Transfer Tuition Financial Aid Scholarships First Year Students 2005-2014 Minnesota State University, Mankato. Minnesota State University, Mankato is a member of Minnesota State Colleges Universities system and an affirmative action/equal opportunity university. Academics Majors Minors Colleges Research Calendars Extended Learning Online Learning Edina Location Continuing Education Course Schedule Study Abroad Student Life Student Housing Dining Services Student Organizations Athletics Campus Recreation Centennial Student Union Library The Reporter Bookstore Campus Computer Store Campus Services Email Campus Hub E-Services myMNSU Toolbar Login Desire2Learn (D2L) Career Services Printing Copy Services Student Health Services Counseling Center University Security Parking Transportation About Diversity President's Office Administration Alumni Friends Make a Gift Strategic Plan Budget Office Human Resources Emergency Preparedness Site Page News Owner: Ethic Studies Skip to Content ? my CalPoly login Site Map Ethnic Studies Department College of Liberal Arts Ethnic Studies Dept. Home Courses Faculty Staff Contact Us You are here: Ethnic Studies Ethnic Studies News Events Faculty ES Major ES Minor Course Offerings Resources Contact Us Site Map Ethnic Studies Department Welcome to Ethnic Studies Department at California Polytechic State University Ethnic Studies at Cal Poly uses inter- and multidisciplinary approaches to study the lives of Indigenous, African, Latino/a, and Asian peoples in the United States within a global and postcolonial context. It is an important and valuable area of study that is indispensable to the academic experience of all students. With this understanding, a program in Ethnic Studies was established here in 1992. The expectation was that the program would continue to evolve and flourish and play an increasingly significant role in the life of the university. Thus, in 1994, the Ethnic Studies Program developed into the Ethnic Studies Department and a minor in Ethnic Studies was approved by the Academic Senate. The Ethnic Studies curriculum provides students with unique forms of critical inquiry that advance their analysis of race, ethnicity, and cultural difference in an increasingly heterogeneous and complex world. Courses in Ethnic Studies examine how social hierarchies frame access to political power, allocate economic resources, and influence cultural expression. By critically exploring such issues, students develop not only a greater understanding of the legacy of racism, discrimination, and injustices in the United States, but also a greater appreciation for new and emerging knowledge about diverse American peoples and their global and transnational connections. Housed in the College of Liberal Arts, the Ethnic Studies Department encourages critical dialogue about race, ethnicity, postcoloniality, and transnationalism across the entire university curriculum, with special focus on concepts that integrate the arts, humanities, social sciences, as well as the sciences and technology. The department offers a number of courses that fulfill both general education and United States Cultural Pluralism requirements. A major in Comparative Ethnic Studies is now offered (beginning Fall 2006). A minor in Ethnic Studies is open to all majors and provides a useful complement to the differing types of inquiry used in the wide variety of disciplines throughout the university. Ethnic Studies Department Building 38 Room 136 Cal Poly San Luis Obispo, CA 93407-0662 Office: (805) 756-1707 Fax: (805) 756-6188 ethnicstudies@calpoly.edu www.cla.calpoly.edu/es.html Back to top CP Home Directory Campus Maps Directions Get Adobe Reader Microsoft Viewers 2007 California Polytechnic State University San Luis Obispo, California 93407 Etomite CMS Jump to navigation Search form Search Main menu About Us Programs Courses News Events Get Involved Apply Now Contact Our worldview... The truth. Welcome to Shingwauk Kinoomaage Gamig Shingwauk Kinoomaage Gamig is committed to the restoration of the original spirit and intent of Chief Shingwauk, who envisioned a teaching wigwam where his people could acquire the necessary educational tools in modern society without comprising the values of our culture and traditions. In cooperation with our partner Algoma University, we offer the Anishinabemowin 3 year B.A. program and Anishinabe Studies courses. Contact us today for more information about attending Shingwauk Kinoomaage Gamig, and starting your path to the future with us. Apply Now! The establishment of Shingwauk Kinoomaage Gamig is historic . This is a wonderful time in experiencing a vibrant cultural revival - a new beginning - that will fulfill the vision of Chief Shingwauk. Full-Time Students Part-Time Students Transferring Credits Student Registration SHINGWAUK Featured Faculty Edward Benton-Banai Bawdwaywidun, or Edward Benton-Banai, is a full blood Ojibwe-Anishinabe of the Fish Clan from the view All courses are developed and instructed by Shingwauk Kinoomaage Gamig and offered under the degree programs of The University of Sudbury and Algoma University. News & Events Christi Belcourt is coming to SKG! Tuesday, January 28, 2014 view Anishinabe Law Bursary Thursday, November 14, 2013 Shingwauk Kinoomaage Gamig (SKG) is pleased to offer a bursary ($3500) to an upper year Anishinabe student who is proceeding to a program of gradua view , SKG will offer Summer Intensive Anishinaabe Studies Course Monday, May 6, 2013 Shingwauk Kinoomaage Gamig is proud to partner with Algoma University this summer to deliver ANIS 1006: Anishinaabe Peoples and Our Homelands in a view About Us School Staff and Faculty Partnerships Careers FAQs Program Courses Get Involved News Events Apply Now Part-Time Students Full-Time Students Transferring Application Process Tuition Costs Student Registration Contact Us Head Office 7 Shingwauk St. Garden River First Nation Ontario, Canada P6A 6Z8 P 705-942-5069 F 705-942-3947 E info@shingwauk.ca Satellite Office 1550 Queen St. East, Sault Ste. Marie Ontario, Canada P6A 2G3 P 705-942-5069 F 705-942-3947 E info@shingwauk.ca Our Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions 2014 Shingwauk Kinoomaage Gamig. Login . Website by HONEY Design . 
