 About Wiley | View Related Sites GIT VERLAG Verlag Helvetica Chimica Acta Ernst & Sohn More... Home Service Jobs Newsletter Company Productsearch eBooks Journals | Journals from A to Z | Advanced Synthesis & Catalysis Browse our products: Books Journals Please specify Anthropology Architecture Biomedical Engineering Business Chemical Engineering Chemistry Civil Engineering Computer Science Earth Science Education Electrical Engineering Energy Food Science Geography Health History Industrial Engineering Life Sciences Materials Science Mathematics Mechanical Engineering Medical Science Nanotechnology Physics Polymer Science Science & Engineering Statistics Journals from A to Z Online Submission of Manuscripts New journals Latest issues Featured sites Choose your area of interest: Resources for: Authors Librarians Booksellers Journalists Advertisers Business Customers Lecturers Licenses Advanced Synthesis & Catalysis Latest Issue Access full text, free trials, sample copies, editorial and author information, news, and more. Advanced Synthesis Catalysis (ASC) is the leading primary journal in organic, organometallic, and applied chemistry. The high impact of ASC can be attributed to the unique focus of the journal, which publishes exciting new results from academic and industrial labs on efficient, practical, and environmentally friendly organic synthesis. While homogeneous, heterogeneous, organic, and enzyme catalysis are key technologies to achieve green synthesis, significant contributions to the same goal by synthesis design, reaction techniques, flow chemistry, and continuous processing, multiphase catalysis, green solvents, catalyst immobilization, and recycling, separation science, and process development are also featured in ASC. The Aims and Scope can be found in the Notice to Authors or on the first page of the table of contents in every issue. Download Flyer Readership: organic, catalysis, biocatalysis, pharmaceutical, natural product, bioorganic, industrial, process, macromolecular and materials chemists and engineers Print ISSN: 1615-4150 Online ISSN: 1615-4169 Volume 356. 18 issues in 2014. Language of Publication: English Subscription Sample Copy Contact Advertise Online Submission Related Books Ullmann's Fine Chemicals 3 Volume Set Stereoselective Synthesis of Drugs and Natural Products Two Volume Set Handbook of Green Chemistry - Green Solvents Volume 4 - Supercritical Solvents [more] Tell a friend RSS Feeds Print-Version Sitemap 2014 Wiley-VCH Verlag GmbH Co. KGaA - Provider http://www.wiley-vch.de info@wiley-vch.de Data Protection Copyright 2000-2014 by John Wiley & Sons, Inc., or related companies. All rights reserved. 
