 Content Search box Breadcrumb Laboratory of Physical Chemistry and Colloid Science Laboratory of Physical Chemistry and Colloid Science at Wageningen University is interested in phenomena at the nanoscale, where creative chemistry is essential, complex physics is a rule rather than an exception and biology comes to life. Chair holder prof.dr.ir. J (Jasper) van der Gucht Featured Special chair appointed at PCC Simeon Stoyanov has been appointed as a special professor in the Laboratory of PCC at Wageningen University. His appointment starts on October 1st 2013 and is funded by Unilever Research. In his new position, Stoyanov will develop the field of surface science. Read more People Research Publications Education Equipments Vacancies PhD Study Trips Links News Contact Offered BSc/MSc Thesis Projects Our Research Self-assembled Polymer Networks Surface forces and Self-assembly Responsive Colloidal Systems Self-assembling Protein Structures Bioinspired Functional Polymers Self-consistent field theory and its applications More Research Agenda More Agenda Latest Publications Complex coacervate core micelles as diffusional nanoprobes (2014) Soft Matter 10 (2014). - ISSN 1744-683X - p. 320 - 331. Nanostructure development during peroxidase catalysed cross-linking of α-lactalbumin (2013) Food Hydrocolloids 33 (2013)2. - ISSN 0268-005X - p. 280 - 288. Pushing the glass transition towards random close packing using self-propelled hard (2013) Nature Communications 4 (2013). - ISSN 2041-1723 More publications About Wageningen UR Career Contact Wageningen UR Log in en|English nl|Nederlands de|Startseite fr|Page d’accueil Education Programmes Research Results Expertise Services Search Search Home Click to expand Education Programmes Research Results Expertise Services News Benefactors Calendar Career Dossiers About Wageningen UR Wageningen University Alumni In the spotlight Contact Wageningen UR Expertise Services Click to expand Facilities Chair groups Research Institutes Statutory research tasks Collaboration and partnerships Contact us about your question Contact our experts directly Testimonials Chair groups Laboratory of Physical Chemistry and Colloid Science Click to expand People Research Publications Education Equipments Vacancies PhD Study Trips Links News Contact Offered BSc/MSc Thesis Projects About us Twitter Facebook Education Programmes Wageningen University Prospective BSc Students Prospective MSc Students Current Students PhD Candidates Courses for professionals Research Results Library Health and nutrition Climate and water Food production Biobased economy Nature and landscape Logistics and trade Expertise Services Facilities Graduate schools Research Institutes Chair groups Newsroom Career Disclaimer General Terms and Conditions 
