 advertisement COOL HUNTING Browse By Features Categories Popular Search About Subscribe Contact Jobs Advertise Design Tech Style Travel Culture Food + Drink Video Gift Guide Interviews Word of Mouth ListenUp Link About It Instagram City Guides 3D Printing Accessories Apple Apps Artists Bags Books Cameras Cars Furniture Hotels Menswear Music Outdoors Shoes Speakers Sustainability Watches Websites Whiskey Womenswear Go COOL HUNTING show nav COOL HUNTING Travel Feature: Word of Mouth: Shanghai Traditional textiles, boldly modern boutiques and coffee-geek cafés in our guide to Chinas most populous city Travel Feature: Aston Martin On Ice Design Feature: Rijksmuseum + Etsy The Amsterdam-based museum partners with the online marketplace to give historic artwork a second life Recent Stories Expand Collapse Maximum Henry Guitar Straps Striking musician accessories made entirely by hand by David Graver in Style on 25 February 2014 Belts , Brooklyn , Guitar straps , Handcrafted , Leather goods , Max Cohen , Maximum Henry , Wallets As of today, Brooklyn-based leather house Maximum Henry now offers beautifully crafted, custom guitar straps. Made by hand in the Williamsburg studio of brand founder Max Cohen, each strap is composed of heavy duty leather that Cohen has cut, dyed and polished himself. A movable shoulder strap seamlessly blends Belgian leather with a Spanish leather backing, delicately and precisely bonded—designed to age with grace and personality. The guitar straps began as gifts for friends—specifically the white hot band Skaters , who coincidentally just released their latest album, " Manhattan ," today via Warner Bros. Records. Cohen began by making custom belts for the band members to wear, which were featured during music video shoots. Guitar straps were a natural extension. "I wanted to make something for them that they wouldn't be able to find elsewhere, something that I couldn't find—something custom," Cohen explains to CH. Cohen, himself, is a one-man show. No product leaves his studio without the touch of his hand. In addition to guitar straps and belts, he also crafts wallets and will soon offer a card holder as well. He also has a few metal accessories, from a bracelet to a key chain (which also features his leatherwork). They're the product of a young craftsman who understands the value in doing it himself. And to sweeten it all, the prices are quite reasonable. The straps are available in three size and, at present, two colorways, with more on the way. Your can purchase Maximum Henry's guitar straps online for $120, and his belt line from Steven Alan for around $65. Product shots courtesy of Oscar Zabala , studio photo by David Graver. View Related Women in Industrial Design Show 2014 The San Francisco Design Week debut seeks entrants by David Graver in Design on 25 February 2014 IDSA , Industrial Design , San Francisco , San Francisco Design Week , Ti Chang , Women in Industrial Design At this year's San Francisco Design Week (13-20 June 2014), an inaugural event will honor 15 female designers across two categories—up and coming and professionals. Sponsored by the Women in Industrial Design division of IDSA (Industrial Designers Society of America), the Women in Industrial Design Show 2014 will showcase work ranging from full production to conceptual. Moreover, from now until 10 March 2014, the show is accepting submissions for entry from across the United States. CH spoke with Ti Chang, the designer behind the brilliant line of sleekly-designed Incoqnito pleasure toys. Her role as the Vice Chair of the Women in Design section of IDSA lead to her heading the event's organization. As for the show's inception, she explains, "The short answer to the origin of the founding of this Women in Industrial Design show was simply inspired by the under representation of Women in Industrial Design in the media." She notes that "When we think of famous industrial designers, names like Jony Ive, Philippe Starck and Yves Behar quickly come to mind, but rarely do we read stories about women designers such as Isabelle Olsson (lead designer of Google glass)." One day Chang was researching a list of industrial designers and noticed that, following the Late Modernism period (1950-1975), "there wasn't a single woman industrial designer included." This struck a chord. "I was shocked. Obviously there have been more women entering the workforce since then, so why were they not listed? I decided to take matters into my own hands and made my first Wikipedia edit and added Betony Vernon, Greta Von Nessen and Belle Kogan." From there, she formed a meetup ground in San Francisco for women in the field. The show was born from this group. "We thought this would be a great way to elevate women industrial designers and with SFDesignWeek coming up, the timing couldn't have been better." Chang pitched the idea to IDSA, who provided further support and great enthusiasm. "I hope we will receive entries that show the breadth of modern industrial design from consumer products, furniture, medical devices, to home goods and even conceptual work," says Chang. Impressively, IDSA and Chang have conceived of an event that's more than a stage for new, dynamic work. It will also serve as a meeting place for engagement and conversation, with an educated design audience at its core. "The last women in ID show was 20 years ago," Chang notes. "A lot has changed since then, so I hope the work we receive is reflective of the time we are in right now and the exciting future ahead." You can submit your work for free online. Winners will be announced on 2 April 2014. Images courtesy of Women in Industrial Design View Related Word of Mouth: Shanghai Traditional textiles, boldly modern boutiques and coffee-geek cafés in our guide to Chinas most populous city by CH Contributor in Travel on 25 February 2014 China , Travel Destinations , WoM , Word of Mouth by Hart Hagerty China’s global financial center, transport hub and stylish East-meets-West playground, Shanghai is the country’s largest city by population (23 million as of 2013), and the beating heart of the buzzing metropolis is Jing’An district, which has undergone a mind-blowing metamorphosis. The last decade has ushered in shiny new luxury shopping centers, high street fashion flagships, five-star hotels and LEED-certified skyscrapers housing HQs of a growing number of Fortune 500s. The central hub of Jing’An is corporate minded and clean, at times verging on sterile. However, just a few blocks away is a world devoid of the bling and big brands, where smaller establishments march to the beat of their own gongs. Whether dishing out boldly modern designs or preserving elements of ancient Chinese culture, here are a handful of venues showcasing what Shanghai does best—blending the old with the new. SeeSaw Café The recent percolation of local café culture is best witnessed at , which is nestled in the light-flooded atrium of Jing’an Design Center. The owners—local coffee experts who hire fellow "coffee geeks" as baristas—are keen on community building, hosting weekly events like latte art competitions. Echoing the modern design of the building, the sunny indoor patio has metal bistro chairs and black and white graphic mosaic tile floors, while the interior is more mellow with dark wooden tables and floors. With plenty of places to plug-in, it can be hard to find a table, given the local creatives often hunker down with their laptops for hours. Brocade Country Located on the southern edge of Jing’An is Brocade Country, a colorful treasure trove devoted to the vintage textiles and embroidered clothing of China’s artisans from the southwestern provinces of Guizhou and Yunnan. It is run by a couple of amiable sisters who are passionate about sharing the rich heritage behind the dying art form of embroidery, last mastered by their mother and grandmother—be sure to inquire about the glass-encased wedding dress with couture-quality craftsmanship. Every item is authentic, exquisite and handmade; from traditional jackets and skirts to silver jewelry and dramatic headpieces worn during village festivals. Dong Liang Riding on the coattails of the successful Beijing flagship, Dong Liang opened its Shanghai shop a few years ago. Today, it remains a must-see for anyone interested in Chinese fashion, carrying a thoughtful selection of the country's best designers. A few minutes here and you'll be up to snuff on the best homegrown brands—from Zhang Da’s experimental label Boundless to the modern minimalism of Ricostru to the sophisticated whimsy of Chictopia. Just browsing is a visual feast, as the merchandise is spread throughout a restored three-story lanehouse with reclaimed wood floors, exposed ceiling beams and interesting alcoves. Design Republic Design Commune A multi-functional event, gallery and retail space, Design Republic Design Commune is an ultra-modern outfit that occupies a massive century-old relic—the former British Police Headquarters. Shanghai’s leading architecture firm Neri & Hu has resurrected the space with their signature starkly minimalist aesthetic. Pristine white walls offset rich, crumbling masonry, evoking an alluring rawness that makes you want to linger. Fortunately, there is also a one-bedroom hotel—a spare, sleek loft-style apartment—which has the best room service in town: The Commune Social. Michelin-starred chef Jason Atherton’s tapas, cocktail and dessert lounge draws a hopeful, hungry queue almost every night. The commune also is home to Design Republic’s premium modern furniture store—carrying the in-house designs of neri as well European brands like MOOOI. Mianhuatian This stunning new boutique —occupying the front floor of an old lanehouse with an inviting front garden—carries a niche selection of avant-garde European designers. Here, discerning shoppers can invest in artistic statement pieces by hard-to-find designers with even harder-to-pronounce names; Rundholz and Peachoo + Krejberg, to name a few. The warmly lit boutique feels more like an art gallery, where sculptural pieces hang from walls upholstered in textured, earthy linen. The highly curated atmosphere is offset by the friendly, knowledgeable staff members who encourage visitors to relax and slowly discover the designs over tea, coffee or wine. Gelincasa Part interior design firm and part furniture retailer, the meticulously restored old mansion of Gelin Casa is an oft-overlooked gem of Jing’An. Local husband and wife duo Leo and Vivian are passionate about preserving one facet of the city’s unique design heritage—Shanghai Art Deco furniture. In addition to preserving authentic Art Deco antiques, they rescue original materials (tiles, wood, ceramic, ironwork) from century-old shikumen houses before they fall victim to bulldozers. They then repurpose the materials into furniture for their retro-meets-contemporary label Mooke or incorporate them into the homes or commercial venues of their clients, such as the fine French bistro Franck in Ferguson Lane. Spin Ceramics Spin mixes China’s millennia-old mastering of ceramics and porcelain with a modern, minimalist aesthetic. From large vases to tiny tea-light holders, Spin designs all pieces in-house. Production takes place in the birthplace of Chinese ceramics, the town of Jingdezhen, the country's porcelain capital since the Song Dynasty. The interior design of the boutique echoes the industrial-chic vibe of the Japanese owner’s other brainchild, Shintori, one of Shanghai’s leading sushi restaurants. A meal at Shintori—served on Spin creations—offers just a taste of what this chic boutique has to offer. KIN To most, KIN is a men’s streetwear boutique carrying fixie-friendly gear and a laid-back café that blasts James Brown. To the rest, KIN offers more than just awesome coffee and clothes—it’s a hub for hip-hop, helmed by Gary Wang—the man behind Shanghai’s veteran underground dance club, The Shelter. Passionate about spreading old-school DJ gospel, Wang teaches free monthly classes upstairs in the turntable lab. The open, airy space—with a sunny central atrium—also features eatery The Grumpy Pig (which boasts a delicious pan-Asian inspired, pork-centric menu) and the intimate Trotter Bar (which serves proper, prohibition-era cocktails in a cool, modern setting). Photos by Hart Hagerty View Related Sponsored Recent The Bulgari Octo: Master Watchmakers Cool Hunting Video: MBF The Bulgari Octo: Il Duomo, Florence The Bulgari Octo: Terme di Caracalla ABC Holiday Brunch Table The Bulgari Octo Magnus Carlsen, World Chess Champion CH + Bonobos: Holiday Gift Guide Ledbury: Editors Picks for Fall 2013 Private White V.C. + Goodwood Revival Maximum Henry Guitar Straps Women in Industrial Design Show 2014 Word of Mouth: Shanghai Cristian Reyes Studio Taco Mirror Aston Martin On Ice Rijksmuseum + Etsy Word of Mouth: Toronto Entoto Beth Artisan The New Heroes Pioneers ListenUp Follow Us Share on facebook Facebook Share on twitter Twitter Share on instagram Instagram Share on vimeo Vimeo Share on pinterest Pinterest Share on google_follow Google Share on youtube YouTube Share on rss RSS Subscribe to CH Daily SUBSCRIBE TO CH DAILY Latest Videos travel Cool Hunting Video: Porsche Camp 4 Ice Driving Learning the right—and wrong—ways to drift the 2014 Cayman, 911 Carrera S and 4S style Cool Hunting Video: Satya Twena Hats Keeping traditional hat-making alive at a recently revitalized milliner in NYC tech Cool Hunting Video: NYU Fluid Dynamics Lab A visit to the NYU Applied Math Lab, where they unlock the secrets of aerodyamics—one flying jellyfish robot at a time culture Cool Hunting Video: Worlds Largest Toy Car Collection A collection of over 30,000 model cars and 400 dioramas buried in the bustle of Beirut food-drink Cool Hunting Video: Takashi The NYC Japanese-Korean barbecue restaurant cooks beef from nose to tail Cool Hunting on Twitter Tweets by @coolhunting 2003 - 2014 Captain Lucas, Inc. | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use About | Subscribe | Contact | Advertise | Made in NYC 
