 ScifiSpace Science Fiction Community for Fans by Fans Science Fiction News More Navigation Scifispace Home Whats New? SciFi Wikis Agents of SHIELD Almost Human Doctor Who Grimm Revolution Sleepy Hollow The Originals The Tomorrow People The Vampire Diaries Archives Forums Shop Join Us About Us Members Login Directory Activity Profile Account The 12th Doctor is Peter Capaldi. Who? SciFi TV es, Peter Capaldi is the next Doctor Who as announced live August 4, 2013 on both BBC and BBCAmerica. But if you are like me, your initial reaction might have been Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. Official SciFi TV ABC has officially picked up Joss Whedons Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. for the 2013-2014 TV season The 12th Doctor is Peter Capaldi. Who? August 5, 2013 SciFi TV es, Peter Capaldi is the next Doctor Who as announced live August 4, 2013 on both BBC and BBCAmerica. But if you are like me, your initial reaction might have been No X-Files Movie or TV Series July 19, 2013 Conventions Events Both David Duchovny (Mulder) and Gillian Anderson (Scully) were on hand coming out on a darkened stage with flash lights for the start of their panel. Show writer Vince Gilligan and creator Chris Carter were also there. Video of the Week: Firefly Online July 18, 2013 Gaming News You KNOW if its Firefly related, I will mention it! And I cannot wait for this game!!! Register now at Keepflying.com San Diego Comic Con 2013 is NOW! July 18, 2013 Conventions Events Yup, its that time the San Diego Comic Con is off and running this weekend. As usual, I wish I were there and bummed Im not. One of these yearssoon! If like me you cannot make it, here are some sites that will be live streaming from the con Nvidia releases hand held video console that streams from your PC! June 20, 2013 Gaming News Okay, I have to say this is just plain cool and is now on my wish list! NVidia is getting ready to release SHIELD (no relation to the Marvel comic).  This hand-held Android device is shaped for the hand like an X-Box controller with D-pad and lots of buttons, but Who will be Doctor Who? June 20, 2013 SciFi TV With Matt Smith now officially leaving Doctor Who (just as I was really liking him!), the speculation is running wild as to who will be stepping into the TARDIS next. The BBC isnt saying much officially yet which of course is opening the door to fan speculation on social media. New Star Wars news includes Han Solo spinoff June 20, 2013 Movie News New details are coming out about JJ Abrams upcoming Star Wars sagas now owned by Disney. It has been confirmed that plans are to release 1 new Star Wars movie every year beginning in 2015, but latest word is that they will alternate between a saga film and a spin Superman Comic sells for $175k June 13, 2013 Comics Anime A rare copy of the comic book featuring Supermans first appearance that went undiscovered for over 70 years in the insulation of a Minnesota house has sold for $175,000. Review: Star Trek: Into Darkness I wasnt expecting to really love Into Darkness especially after reading a spoiler and knowing the what sounded like a horrible plot before I went to see it. Defiance, Revolution and other shows renewed The SyFy Channels Defiance is one of several sci-fi shows getting another season. Read all Articles Follow Me Support Our Site: News by Category Comics Anime Commentary Conventions Events Gaming News Movie News Movie Media Reviews Trailers and Clips Other News SciFi Books Book Reviews SciFi TV Toys Collectibles News by Tag abc adam baldwin auction avengers batman book review bruce greenwood canceled cbs chris pine comic-con commentary Disney doctor who film franchise firefly George Lucas gina torres hbo into darkness iron man jj abrams john cho joss whedon Lucasfilm marvel matt smith movie movie review movies movie trailer nathan fillion once upon a time reboot rumors sdcc spock star trek star wars superman syfy channel true blood tv series vampire zachary quinto Cool Stuff Video of the Week Tweets by @Scifispace Scifispace on Facebook About Scifispace.com Are you a science fiction fan? Do you like to go to conventions, watch science fiction movies, read fantasy books, watch tv shows, play role-play games like Dungeons and Dragons or Vampire: The Masquerade, video, or collectible card games, collect science fiction toys and collectibles? Then you belong here! Scifispace.com has been bringing you sci-fi news from around the world siince 1998. Join us! Google+ Support Scifispace.com Follow Me Whos Online © 2014 ScifiSpace - Science Fiction Community for Fans by Fans Skip to toolbar WordPress.org Documentation Support Forums Feedback Log in Register 
