 Press FAQ Volunteer Mailing List Contact Us FILMS+EVENTS Schedule, Tickets SUPPORTERS Partners, Sponsors ABOUT US Mission, Overview, Staff DONATE Get Involved EFF Announces New Award EFF announces the establishment of a $10,000 Documentary Award for Environmental Advocacy. This award will recognize a film that inspires advocacy in response to a compelling environmental challenge. More info... Toxic Hot Seat Watch Sen. Edward Markey and filmmakers James Redford Kirby Walker introduce TOXIC HOT SEAT, about the the prevalence of chemical flame retardants, at a special Environmental Film Festival premiere screening on November 21. Sen. Edward Markey, (c) Ralph Alswang 2014 SPONSORSHIP Become a sponsor of the 2014 Environmental Film Festival. Be part of one of the country's premier environmental events. For details, view the 2014 Sponsorship Package. (c) Bruce Guthrie Behind the Camera Learn more about Attending Filmmakers & Special Guests Tony Huston Huston will be discussing The Art of Falconry Program and The John Huston in Africa Program.Tony Huston is John Hustons eldest child, the grandson of Walter Huston, brother of Anjelica, and father of Jack, the latest member of the Huston family to become a star on BOARDWALK EMPIRE, the HBO series produced by Martin Scorsese. Tony himself worked in a number of different capacities in... read more - Rachel Carson 22nd Festival, March 18-30, 2014 Washington, DC The theme of the 2014 Festival, Our Cities, Our Planet , will examine the challenges posed by Earths urban environments and the efforts of the worlds cities to balance environmental and economic needs. The full program will be released in late February. Watch 20 past Festival films streaming free on EFF's Watch Online portal. EFF's Eric Moe Award Winner Announced Posted: 12/3/2013 EFF announces the establishment of a $10,000 Documentary Award for Environmental Advocacy Posted: 11/18/2013 A RIVER CHANGES COURSE Continues Its Success with Theatrical Openings and Festival Screenings Posted: 10/24/2013 Loading latest tweet... 2014 Environmental Film Festival in the Nations Capital | Sitemap | FAQ 
