 http://www.augeanplc.com/ 01937 844980 0141 8875689 Help and advice? Home About Augean Corporate Social Responsibility Environmental Stewardship History IMS Latest News Management Team Monitoring Our Community Public Consultation Recruitment Land Resources Chemical Treatment Centre Energy Laboratory Land Remediation Landfill Low Level Waste Soil Treatment North Sea Services Venture Drilling Waste Management Quayside Industrial Services Oil and Gas Indirect Thermal Desorption Industrial Cleaning Oil Recovery Tanker Wash out Site Locations Aberdeen Avonmouth Cannock Hinckley East Kent East Northants RMF Lerwick Paisley Port Clarence Rochdale Thornhaugh Waste Recovery Park Wetherby Investors Announcements Board of Directors Company information Corporate Governance Financial Calendar Financial Presentations Financial Reports Investor Relations Our Advisers RNS Email Alerts Share Price Strategy Pre-close trading update We provide the following update to the market prior to commencement of our close period ah ... Tue 28 Jan 2014 ISO Standards awarded to Industrial Services We are delighted to announceour Industrial Services Teamhas successfully deliv ... Thu 16 Jan 2014 Land Resources North Sea Services Oil Gas Services Find out more Find out more Find out more Privacy Cookie Policy Disclaimer Terms Conditions Contact Us Newsletter Sign-Up Call me back Request a quote Ecommerce Solutions by PureNet Home About Us Products Air Filtration System Cover Slips Histo-Cool Recycling - Alcohol Recycling - Formalin SignatureÂŽ Slide Printer Slides - Charged Slides - Regular Xylene Recycling Pads Online Catalog Online Catalog Download PDF Catalog FAQ Recycling - Alcohol Recycling - Formalin Xylene Recycling Pads Contact Us Information Request recycling recycling systems formalin alcohol xylene air filtration system filter lab supplies medical supplies slides histocool histo cool histology cytology epic scientific creative air laboratory air filtration system medical air filtration system Designed By B/R instruments BR Instruments is the Industry Leader in Laboratory Distillation Equipment. Home Applications Histology Pathology Petroleum Distillation Crude Oil Distillation Biodiesel Distillation General Solvent Recycling Micro-Distillation Essential Oil Purification GPC Solvent Recycling ASTM D1160 Products Fully Automatic D2892 Semi-Automatic D2892 D1160 9600 Fractional Distillation 36-100 Mini Distillation 800 Micro-Distillation ProCycler Mini ProCycler B/R PureForm 2100 General Information Service Ordering Information Facilities and History Contact B/R Instrument is the Industry Leader in Laboratory Distillation Equipment. Contact us Contact a representative at BR right now for information or a free quote to meet your specific needs. Contact Us B/R Instrument has specialized in laboratory distillation equipment since 1966. Common uses of its distillation systems include solvent recycling, solvent purification, crude oil distillation, and many other applications of high efficiency fractional distillation. Solvent Recycling in laboratories has become more common place in recent years. Solvent recyclers are used in histology labs to recycle xylene, alcohol, formalin and xylene substitutes. HPLC solvent recycling and GPC solvent recycling have also become more popular due to the high cost of these solvents. Many other types of solvents are also recyclable. Solvent recycling can save money in the laboratory by greatly reducing the cost of purchased solvents as well as he disposal cost of solvents. Crude oil distillation and petroleum distillation are also common applications of our fractional distillation equipment. Traditional, true boiling point distillation (D2892) and vacuum pot still distillation (D5236) can be performed on samples from 1 to 200 liters. Samples from 1 liter to 10 ml in size can be analyzed using our spinning band distillation equipment. ASTM D1160 vacuum distillation equipment is available in semi automatic and manually operated models. Fractional Distillation has many other applications which are too numerous to mention here. B/R Instrument can provide a high efficiency distillation system for your application. Fully automatic and manually operated distillation equipment is available. There are many other applications of BR Instrumentâs high efficiency fractional distillation equipment. Please have a look at our distillation equipment on the web site and contact us if you have any questions. EMAIL: contactus@brinstrument.com PHONE: ADDRESS: FAX: Contact Contact a representative at BR right now for information or a free quote to meet your specific needs. Contact Us Wastewater Evaporators Wash out equipment Solvent Distillation Equipment and Wastewater Evaporators: So simple - even an ADULT can do it!! 
