 Company Info | News | Contact Scientific knowledge and technology for the most efficient AND reliable solutions Stereology Services Tools & Products Analysis Methods Consulting Informatics Stereology is the leading method for efficient and accurate quantification of biological structure. Our knowledge of neuroanatomy and research models combined with rigorous mathematical methods and computerized microscopy provides you with robust data and comprehensive design and analysis. Our advantages are clear - knowledge, validation and study management built into every product - plus substantial workflow improvement. Whereas other software products require major up-front investment, we charge only for what you use. Sinq - making your life easier and ensuring the highest quality. With the rigor of stereological methods as a foundation, we approach all analyses with a quantitative viewpoint that keeps experiments sensitive AND efficient. Whether your endpoints are morphological, behavioral or biochemical, we always include the appropriate controls, repeated analyses and random sampling - guaranteed reliability! Our consultants have many years of experience with all aspects of neuroscience research. If you want to setup stereology or in-vivo imaging in your lab, we can do everything from hardware integration to training technicians & our informatics team will design custom analysis tools. Contact us for a free consultation! A paradigm shift... How we help you to ensure reliability & streamline your research Free consultation with expert scientists Flexible installation No up-front costs Unmatched quality control Industry-leading technology Our goal is to provide the optimal solution - taking advantage of your existing resources and providing the best quality service to meet your critical needs without budgetary distress. If you have the equipment and personnel, we can provide you with a workflow, including built-in training and quality control, to do quantitative morphology with half the current time/effort . Automated microscopy and image analysis can be split between our state-of-the-art facilities and your lab. Our proprietary technologies (patent pending) offer study tracking, validation and management tools that ensure reliability and ease-of-use in ways not possible with other systems - all at a fraction of the cost. Experience you can count on! In good company... Join the growing number of academic and commercial labs using Sinq Systems as their source for basic research, validation of models and targets, and development of the cutting-edge techniques that will make your research efficient and successful. Contact us today! Sinq Systems Inc. info@sinq-systems.com News feed: 2 May 13 Neuroscience assays & methods more... 15 Apr 12 Applications Newsletter including iNpar Anatomical Discovery more... 02 May 11 High throughput assays & integrated validation - more... 17 March 11 More robust dendrite & spine analysis - Golgi or xFP - more... 03 Dec 10 Synapse & confocal specialists - more... 11 May 10 Digital pathology support - more... 16 Nov 09 Rapid Stereology launched - more... 02 June 09 Histology partners updated - more... 21 Nov 08 Sinq announces cognitive profiling assay - more... 11 July 08 Sinq establishes informatics division - more... 17 March 08 Stereology flyer available for download. 
