 American Society of Naturalists Search RSS Facebook Twitter A membership society whose goal is to advance and to diffuse knowledge of organic evolution and other broad biological principles so as to enhance the conceptual unification of the biological sciences. Home Announcements Meetings Upcoming Meetings Past Meetings Awards Honorary Lifetime Membership Sewall Wright Award E. O. Wilson Naturalist Award Presidential Award Jasper Loftus-Hills Young Investigator Award The American Naturalist Student Paper Award ASN Student Research Award Ruth Patrick Student Poster Award The American Naturalist Volumes and Issues EBook Forthcoming Papers Submit Manuscript Instructions for Authors About the Journal Membership Become a Member Manage Membership Why I Am a Naturalist Search the Directory Change Directory Information About the ASN About the Society Current Executive Council Current Committees Constitution and Bylaws Current Secretary's Report Current Treasurer's Report Timeline Past Officers of the ASN Past Meetings of the ASN Statement on Evolution and Education Contact ASN Site Map Facebook Twitter Tweets by @ASNAmNat Share this page: Featured Photographs Variation between self- and mutual assessment in animal contests (Photo: Devi Stuart-Fox) Melanin-specific life history strategies (Photo: Pierre-Alain Ravussin) Are species range limits simply niche limits writ large? A review of transplant experiments beyond the range (Photo: Anna Hargreaves) Life-history differences favor evolution of male dimorphism in competitive games (Photo: Isabel Smallegange) Special Announcements 2014 ASN Elections VOTE NOW! Feb 3, 2014 ASN If you are an ASN member, you should have received an email with a link to the voting site. Check out the candidates and vote! View more papers Forthcoming Papers Synthesis: “Are species’ range limits simply niche limits writ large? A review of transplant experiments beyond the range” Dec 16, 2013 Owen AnnaHargreaves, KarenSamis, and ChristopherEckert (Feb2014) Species range limits commonly depend on dispersal, which differs fundamentally between elevational and geographic limits View more announcements Announcements Ruth Patrick Student Poster Award Feb 20, 2014 Student Poster Award--for a student member of the ASN who presents an outstanding poster at the annual meetings of the society. 2014 Graduate Student Travel Grant Jan 9, 2014 The American Society of Naturalists will award $500 each to 15 graduate students to help defray the cost of attending the 2014 meetings in Raleigh, North Carolina. Awards will be chosen from a random drawing of eligible students who apply via the registration form online. To be eligible, student must be a student member of the American Society of Naturalists, must be presenting a paper or poster at the meeting, and must not have received the travel award in the previous year. New ASN Honorary Lifetime Members Nov 19, 2013 The ASN Executive Council is pleased to announce three new Honorary Lifetime Members: Joseph Felsenstein, Richard C. Lewontin, and Jane Lubchenco View more meetings Meetings June 28, 2013 Trish Preliminary program for the January 13-15, 2014 Asilomar Conference is now posted at w3.biosci.utexas.edu/amnatasilomar/program.html See the meeting homepage for more information. View more members Why I Am a Naturalist Stephen B. Heard Aug 20, 2013 I have a natural home in the American Society of Naturalists. Its tag phrase, conceptual unification of the biological sciences, seems to sum up what really interests me about natureand what it means to me to be a naturalist and a Naturalist. Thats probably why, in my 11th year on the editorial board of The American Naturalist , I still get a kick out of reading every submission I handle! University of New Brunswick, Professor ASN member since 1988 Home Announcements Meetings Awards The American Naturalist Membership About the ASN Contact ASN Site Map 2012 American Society of Naturalists; All rights reserved. 
