           Home Main Exhibits About Bacteria What are bacteria? Other Microorganisms Bacteriology Applied bacteriology Bacteriophages Bacteria and our senses Pathogenic Bacteria Pathogens Pathogenicity Epidemiology Food And Water Safety Food safety Water safety Good Bacteria in Food How We Fight Bacteria The immune system Antibiotics Vaccination Evolution The origin of life Mutations in bacteria Extremophiles Commensals Special Features Files Bacteria and crime Bacterial Diseases in History Bugs and Microbugs Images of Bacteria Microbial Ecology The Plague Wine and vinegar making Bacteria and plants Bioterrorism Bacterial Species Files Guest entries About this Museum History of this Museum Trudy Wassenaar, Curator Martin Blaser, Founder FAQ Contact us Guided tour 1 About Bacteria 2 Pathogenic Bacteria 3 Food And Water Safety 4 How We Fight Bacteria 5 Evolution 6 Special Features Files Write a Guest entry! You can write a guest entry and publish it in the museum. Choose your pet subject and browse the internet for relevant links. Write your text for a general audience. The entries will be reviewed by the curator before publication. Contact us Search this site Search... Our current sponsor SfAM is the voice of applied microbiology and oldest microbiology society in the UK. Its object is to advance for the benefit of the public the science of microbiology in ... Read More Our current sponsor The Foundation for Bacteriology provides financial support to research and dissemination projects related to bacteriology. M.J. Blaser, President to the Virtual Museum of Bacteria! Our current sponsors are the Society for Applied Microbiology (UK) and the Foundation for Bacteriology (USA). Thanks to their support, the Museum can now be conveniently viewed on tablet and smartphone as well as on PC For an introduction about bacteria, you can take a guided tour through the main exhibits , as indicated by the numbers in the menu to the left. Once you get started, you can follow the signs to the next exhibit. Take the guided tour Each special feature file treats a specific aspect of bacteria that may be outside the mainstream of most bacteriologists. In these files the author has included links that are only loosely related to bacteria per se, but that nevertheless may be of interest to the reader... To the Special Features In case you are looking for information on a particular bacterial species or name, it is best to check out our Bacterial Species Files. These pages do not tell a story, but present a list of ordered, relevant links. Otherwise, use the search option to search for keywords To the Species Files Enjoy your visit! Book recommendation Bacteria: The Benign, the Bad, and the Beautiful Dr. Trudy Wassenaar Publisher's info Latest News The Virtual Museum of Bacteria is now available on smartphone, tablet, iPhone and iPad. Enjoy! Article last modified Mycobacterium leprae Dr. T. M. Wassenaar View the organism: Mycobacterium leprae under the microscope (D. Kunkel). Collection sites, home-pages T... READ MORE... Most popular article About bacteria: Overview Dr. T. M. Wassenaar Bacteria are everywhere, but their small size makes them invisible. Maybe you don't even have a clear idea ... READ MORE... Home Main Exhibits Special Features Files Bacterial Species Files Guest entries About this Museum © 1998-2013 Contents: Trudy Wassenaar www.mmgc.eu www.farkas.de 
