 Skip to Content Jump to Main Navigation and Login Jump to additional Information Home Submit About Permissions Downloading Resources Contact Search Resource Type  Video (49)  Image (451)  Animation (133)  Protocol (41) Curriculum Archive (85) Tags  Cell Biology (253)  Genetics (81) Humans (372)  Environment (274)  Diversity (108)  Teaching (367) Welcome to MicrobeLibrary!   Collections Gallery is a collection of images, videos, and animations that can be used to enhance lecture or lab presentations. Individual items include brief legends that describe the items and how they were obtained. A collection of items around a central theme (e.g., Gram stain and MacConkey agar) includes a title for the collection and a title and short description for each item (e.g., figure title and legend). Visual Media Briefs  consist of high-quality, short communications with digital images, animations, and videos about the microbial world. Briefs include introduction, methods, discussion, and reference sections. Briefs describe the item and how it was obtained (e.g., cultured and isolated), its significance and/or use, magnification, and references. Visual Media Briefs are similar to short research communications (or briefs) in scientific journals . Laboratory Protocols are information briefs about standard laboratory tests and include the procedural steps as well as the purpose, theory, history, safety considerations, tips and comments, and references. Student Learning Assessments in Microbiology Database (SLAMD)   is a collection of peer-reviewed multiple choice questions designed especially for interactive learning using audience response systems. The questions are also of value for pre- and post-tests or traditional exams, and may be used in the classroom or laboratory or online in blended-and distance-learning experiences. The question bank is a two-tiered repository of original multiple choice questions. Tier one contains multiple choice questions corresponding to Bloom's level one or two (knowledge/comprehension) that faculty can use to break up their lectures and get immediate feedback from students on content just discussed. Tier two contains higher level multiple choice questions (Bloom's level 3 – application- or higher) to get better feedback on the student's ability to apply knowledge. All questions are categorized based on the 2011 ASM Recommended Curriculum Guidelines. Curriculum Archive (2000-2009) features 85 peer-reviewed activities promoting active learning in undergraduate microbiology originally published in MicrobeLibrary 1.0. The classroom activities and laboratory exercises were developed by faculty at diverse institutions and include inquiry-based field-tested materials, student- driven activities, case-based problems, and ideas for independent and/or research projects.   ASM Guidelines Curriculum Guidelines for Undergraduate Microbiology Representing a 12-month study by the ASM Task Force, this curriculum identifies the six overarching concepts that ensure a foundational understanding in microbiological topics deemed to be of lasting importance. Guidelines for Biosafety in Teaching Laboratories Guidelines for safely handling microbes at both biosafety level 1 (BSL1) and at biosafety level 2 (BSL2) were developed by the ASM Task Force. The guidelines are brief by design for ease of use and provide educators with a clear and consistent way to safely work with microorganisms in the teaching laboratory.   News     Now available: Two new Gallery resources and three new Visual Media Brief resources . Peptidoglycan Synthesis in a Gram-Positive Bacterium Antibiotics That Inhibit Bacterial Peptidoglycan Synthesis: How They Work Transfer of Conjugative Plasmids and Mobilizable Plasmids in Gram-Negative Bacteria Casein Hydrolysis Impact of Acid Mine Drainage (AMD) on diatom populations in a Pennsylvania stream 01 Peptidoglycan Synthesis in a Gram-Positive Bacterium 02 Antibiotics That Inhibit Bacterial Peptidoglycan Synthesis: How They Work 03 Transfer of Conjugative Plasmids and Mobilizable Plasmids in Gram-Negative Bacteria 04 Casein Hydrolysis 05 Impact of Acid Mine Drainage (AMD) on diatom populations in a Pennsylvania stream Pause Frontpage Slideshow | Copyright 2006-2010 JoomlaWorks, a business unit of Nuevvo Webware Ltd. Now Available - Spanish Translations of Gallery Resources The Spanish translations of the 2005-2009  Gallery Collection  Laboratory Protocols are now available!  Links to the Spanish translation of Laboratory Protocol image descriptions are provided at the bottom of the individual project page in the 2005-2009 Gallery Collections .  These translations were provided through the efforts of the  ASM International Volunteer Translators Network .  ¡Las descripciones de las imágenes en el " Gallery " del 2005 al 2009 están ahora disponibles en español! Los enlaces a las traducciones en español del material en el " Gallery " del 2005 al 2009 se encuentran en la parte inferior de las páginas de cada uno de los proyectos del " Gallery ". Las traducciones fueron realizadas por la Red de Traductores Voluntarios Internacionales de la ASM . Deadlines   Submit Student Learning Assessments in Microbiology Database Resources - Deadline 7/1/14 Please review the guidelines below before submitting a resource: Guidelines for submitting Submit Visual Media Briefs and Gallery Resources -  Submissions are accepted and reviewed on a rolling basis.  The submission deadlines are July 1 (for December online publication) and December 1 (for May online publication) . Please review the guidelines below before submitting a resource: Guidelines for submitting         The Student Learning Assessments in Microbiology Database , or SLAMD, is a new MicrobeLibrary collection of peer-reviewed multiple choice questions designed especially for interactive learning using audience response systems. The questions are also of value for pre- and post-tests or traditional exams, and may be used in the classroom or laboratory or on-line in blended-and distance-learning experiences. The question bank is a two-tiered repository of original multiple choice questions. Tier one contains multiple choice questions corresponding to Bloom’s level one or two (knowledge/comprehension) that faculty can use to break up their lectures and get immediate feedback from students on content just discussed. Tier two contains higher level multiple choice questions (Bloom’s level 3 – application- or higher) to get better feedback on the student’s ability to apply knowledge. All questions are categorized based on the 2011 ASM Recommended Curriculum Guidelines. www.asm.org 
