 MicrobeWiki From MicrobeWiki, the student-edited microbiology resource Jump to: navigation , search Welcome to MicrobeWiki Study Microbes * Microbial Biorealm * Viral Biorealm * Microbial Mythology MicrobeWiki is a free wiki resource on microbes and microbiology, authored by students at many colleges and universities. Curated pages such as those linked to the Taxonomy Index are reviewed and updated by microbiologists at Kenyon College . Student pages authored independently, or for coursework, are not monitored further. Interested readers are encouraged to add information, after registering a free account . Featured Class: The University of Oklahoma Italian Center , taught by Tyrrell Conway . Educators: You may assign MicrobeWiki page creation and editing as projects for your students. We create a template page BIOL 375 Virology , Joan L. Slonczewski , Kenyon College BIOL 238 Project Index 2013 , Joan L. Slonczewski , Kenyon College BI 230 Microbiology Environmental Microbiology General Microbiology Genetic Microbiology MICB301 Microbial Ecology SSC111 Soil Microbiology , Kate Scow, University of California, Davis Your students receive individual passwords. Assessment and grading are up to you; after your class is over, we review pages for our standards. Students of all levels, from first-year to graduate students, have contributed pages to our site. Microbial Mythology : common misconceptions and controversies in microbiology. Study Microbes presents study questions and recommended species for students to learn, based on the textbook Microbiology: An Evolving Science by Joan Slonczewski and John Foster (W. W. Norton Co.) Managing Editor Daniel Barich '05 Advisor: Joan Slonczewski , Biology Dept , Kenyon College Copyright notice. Disclaimer. Information on this site is provided solely for educational purposes. Medical questions should be referred to a physician. Microbial Phenomics Project http://microbewiki.kenyon.edu/index.php?title=MicrobeWikioldid=92317 " Category : System pages Views Page Discussion View source History Personal tools Log in Navigation MicrobeWiki Home Study Microbes Microbial Biorealm Viral Biorealm Microbial Mythology Recent changes Random page Contact MicrobeWiki Help Search Toolbox What links here Related changes Special pages Printable version Permanent link This page was last modified on 6 November 2013, at 19:01. This page has been accessed 1,609,062 times. Privacy policy About MicrobeWiki Disclaimers 
