 Where research is the answer "It’s exciting to offer new medications "My patients always come first. "Each new medication gives us another opportunity "There is one important word in healthcare. "I've seen a lot of people who have "The people in our programs are "In everything that we do here, we are trying to help people. "My goal is to find a way to help "The most rewarding part of my job is getting "Our programs have helped so many people, "Not all treatment options will work for everyone… "To be good at what you do, you have to love it. Home current programs ADHD Alzheimer's Asthma Autism Binge Eating Bipolar Depression Diabetes OCD Opiate Addiction Opiate Constipation Pain Schizophrenia Quit Smoking About Clinical Trials What to expect Benefits Patient Testimonials free consultation our locations Jacksonville, FL Meet the Doctors The Team Contact & Directions Memphis, TN Meet the Doctors The Team Contact & Directions Orlando, FL Meet the Doctors The Team Contact & Directions About CNS Our Difference Experienced Management Research Experience Community Partners Industry Partners Jacksonville, FL We are located in the Southside area, near I-95 and JTB. We've been a local healthcare provider since 2000. read more Memphis, TN On Poplar Ave, near Germantown, CNS Healthcare has been serving the Memphis area since 2001. read more Orlando, FL Downtown on Gore St, two blocks from Orange Ave. The Orlando research center has been serving you since 1996. read more Testimonials read more Our currently enrolling clinical trials: ADHD/ADD Having trouble concentrating and focusing? It could be a sign of ADHD. Alzheimer's Could a new treatment improve your life? We are now conducting research on new medications for Alzheimer's. Asthma Read more about Asthma and talk to one of our professionals about how a clinical trial might be the right option for you. Autism While there are no known cures, new treatments could hold the key. Bipolar Bipolar Disorder is highly treatable; click here to read more. Binge Eating There are different ways to treat binge eating disorder; find out more. Depression Depression is highly treatable. Learn more about your options. Diabetes Learn more about our diabetes programs and how you can benefit from them. OCD Millions of people are affected by OCD; you are not alone. Opiate Addiction Could a new treatment or medicine improve your life and help you shake the addiction? Opioid Constipation Pain medications often result in the unbearable side effect of constipation. Pain Chronic pain can have an considerable effect on your daily life. Schizophrenia Could a new treatment or medicine improve your life? Stop smoking Stopping smoking is difficult; however, new medication could help. benefits of participating No wait, free & confidential consultation No health insurance needed Highly experienced team Study medication provided* Care provided at no cost* Compensation for time and travel* schedule a free consultation Follow Us CNS Healthcare - 6401 Poplar Ave Ste. 420 Memphis TN 38119 901-843-1045 CNS Healthcare - 5200 Belfort Rd. Ste. 420 Jacksonville FL 32256 904-281-5757 CNS Healthcare - 207 W. Gore St. Ste. 200 Orlando FL 32806 407-425-5100 Privacy Policy free consultation 
