 Home Contributors About Core77 Advertising Contact Us Newsletter Get Our RSS Feed Coroflot Design Job o' the day The Onion is seeking a Technical Project Manager articles photo galleries calendar books + links design schools discussions awards store design firms design jobs The Core77 Design Blog send us your tips get the RSS feed blog authors Credit Where Credit is Due: More on That Cool German Toolbox hipstomp / Rain Noe Comments (0) Ever since spotting that unique, hinged toolbox that Matthias Wandel did a video of , we've been wondering where it came from. The German marque Wrth can clearly be seen on Bruhn's box. The Wrth Group is a Germany-based global wholesaler of tools and hardware, but it does not appear that they designed the box; a German manufacturer of cabinetmaker's tools callled E.C. Emmerich sells an identical box, as does hardware manufacturer Hfele. Far as we can tell, it's a German company called Domini Design that actually designed the thing. They call it the Mobilo Box, and it comes in a variety of sizes. The Mobilo Box 43 is the smallest version, "suitable for managers," as Domini says (read: people who don't really need to get their hands dirty): continued... More: Object Culture | Tools Comments (0) Tweet Mycotecture: Making Mushrooms Much More Than a Dinner Ingredient erika rae Comments (0) These chairs were grown with 12 separate molds over the course of two weeks Google "mycotecture" and Phil Ross is the first hit you'll see. For good reason, too. His work features a combination of fungi grown over a number of weeks, burgeoning to become colorful statement pieces of edible furniture and art. That's not even the kickernot only are they edible, they're biodegradable, flame-retardant and practically bulletproof. Ross' intrigue with mycotecture isn't just an experiment in food design. His inspiration stems from a lifelong interest in biology and its connection to all aspects of his work history and personal interests. In his words: While I was terrible in high-school science and math, my education about the life sciences emerged from a wide engagement with materials and practices. Through my work as a chef I began to understand biochemistry and laboratory methods; as a hospice caregiver I worked with life support technologies and environmental controls; and through my interest in wild mushrooms I learned about taxonomies, forest ecology and husbandry. continued... More: Materials Comments (0) Tweet Introducing the First Ever 'Women in ID' Show erika rae Comments (0) Ti Chang , co-founder of Crave and industrial designer, is working on a movement. While women have been quietly kicking ass in the ID department for years, there hasn't been a whole lot of coverage on the phenomenon. After realizing the underrepresentation in the form of a Wikipedia list, Chang has been working to create the very first Women in ID show to debut at this year's San Francisco Design Weekand she's looking for designers. More on getting involved from the website: For one night only, the show will feature 15 designers in two categoriesUp+Coming and Professionals. The work can be conceptual, in full production or anything in between. WID's hope is to showcase a wide scope of industrial design work by women in various stages of their careers. Ladies, you know you rock. This is a great opportunity to showcase your work and meet your peers during the excitement of SF Design Week. Get more information on how to submite your own work here before March 10th for a chance to be featured. To get a better feel for the event and what attendees can expect, read on for our questions and Chang's answers. continued... More: Events Comments (0) Tweet The Onion, America's Finest News Source, is Looking for a Technical Project Manager in Chicago Coroflot From the company that brought you such monumental headlines as, "Kitten Thinks of Nothing But Murder All Day," and "Winner Didn't Even Know It Was Pie-Eating Contest", The Onion, America's Finest News Source, is looking for a Technical Project Manager to be in charge of planning, managing, and executing projects big and small. The project manager will work closely with the SVP of Product to track product requests, scope new projects, define timelines, allocate and manage resources, and oversee relationships with external partners to see each project through from ideation to successful rollout and beyond. The ideal candidate will be intensely motivated to improve process, structure and workflow and is someone who thrives in a collaborative, cross-functional environment. Unlike their hilarious headlines, this is opportunity is for real. Apply Now . More: Jobs Comments (0) Tweet Design Indaba Conference: Marian Bantjes & Jessica Hische in Conversation core jr Comments (0) Content sponsored by the Design Indaba One of the great things about the Design Indaba Conference is that it not only sparks conversations but also puts them on center stage. In this short dialogue between Marian Bantjes and Jessica Hische , the two graphic designers cover everything from mentorship to being the "one designer friend," as well as the secret to design success. (Bantjes, who reveals that she is entirely self-taught, is the Jury Captain for the Visual Communication category of the 2014 Core77 Design Awards.) Check out the full video More: Conferences | Design Festivals | Sponsored Content Comments (0) Tweet Resource Furniture's New Stealth Kitchen hipstomp / Rain Noe Comments (1) As eight million of you saw, Resource Furniture's already got a good grasp on hideaway bedrooms, living spaces and workspaces. So it's no surprise that they're marching through the rest of the house and tackling a more complicated space: The kitchen. They've just announced their new Stealth Kitchen modules, which turn full-sized appliances into unassuming cabinetry at the flip of a few panels. In as little as six linear feet, Stealth Kitchen incorporates all the necessities of a high-end, modern kitchenrefrigerator, freezer, dishwasher, microwave, oven, cooktop, sink, counter space and abundant storageall cleverly concealed behind a wall of cabinetry that blends seamlessly into its surroundings. The product is new enough that as of yet they've only got this teaser video up: continued... More: Furniture Design Comments (1) Tweet OpenKnit: Giving Fashion Designer Cred to Anyone with $750 and Some Style Inspiration erika rae Comments (0) Growing up, you couldn't get cooler or more stylish than wearing something you created yourself. Proof: I had a short run as a seamstress of sorts after my high school peers saw the pair of ripped denim I brought back to life with a few obnoxiously bright scraps of fabric. It fizzled quicklyself admittedly, I couldn't sew a straight line then and still can'tand so did the DIY fashion trend as we moved on from Friday night football games and prom. Suddenly hot off the runway knock-offs became choice over scrapping together a completely unique statement shirt. OpenKnit is keeping the DIY spirit alive and well, with a very design-savvy production method, of course. While the machine's finished garments may lack a certain je ne sais quoi when it compares to the ready-to-wear market, the style is all in the production methodwhich is the kind of thing we get excited about. OpenKnit is a an open-source digital fabrication machine that creates garments on-demand from a mess of yarn to finished sweater. Better yet, it's pretty quick to do sosaid sweater can reportedly be completed within an hour. The machine is powered by Knitic (which we previously covered here ), making it possibleand easyfor users to design their personalized pattern and feed it into the printer. More on OpenKnit from its website: continued... More: Digital Fabrication Comments (0) Tweet Design-Apart: Bringing Italian Design, Craft & Architecture to NYC, and Around the World hipstomp / Rain Noe Comments (0) If you want to spread design in an evangelical way, what do you need? A showroom filled with objects? A distribution company to get them from the factory to the end user? A collective of artisans and designers? Workshops to educate consumers about design? In the case of Diego Paccagnella's company Design-Apart , an organization "committed to design as a living process," all four of these things. Our team brings the process and products of Italian design out of the atelier (art catalog, industrial village, hi-tech laboratory) and directly to customers around the world online and in living showrooms. Advances in technology and methods of production allow us to offer even the most arcane and specialized craftwork at competitive prices. Bespoke, for us, goes beyond handmade and custom. It's a dynamic product of relationships between people, materials and ideas in space. Check out their sweet video of things being made in Italy: continued... More: Business | Object Culture Comments (0) Tweet Design Indaba Conference: Christoph Niemann on How Creativity Is Work core jr Comments (0) Content sponsored by the Design Indaba With this year's Design Indaba Conference kicking off in two days, we've been catching up on some of last year's talks. As always, the organizers have done a great job bringing together an inspired and inspiring mix of artists and designers. A talk by Berlin-based artist and illustrator Christoph Niemann is perhaps the perfect example, and we can't recommend it highly enough. The trailer barely does it justice: Check out the full video More: Conferences | Sponsored Content Comments (0) Tweet Call for Entries: Dutch Design Competition USA 2014 core jr Comments (0) Calling all designers! The Dutch government is looking for a new giveaway to distribute in the United States and is inviting designers to submit inventive, quirky, and smart ideas for a functional and affordable small item. The item should be inspired by Dutch Design and fit in the collection of our partner, Kikkerland. For more information please see www.Dutchcultureusa.com . The competition is open to everyone. Organizers hope that Dutch designers, US designers inspired by Dutch Design, as well as special teams of Dutch and US designers will participate. The top 10 entries will be selected by a high-profile jury by the beginning of April, and will be printed in 3D by Shapeways. This competition, however, does not require that every part of your design can be printed on a 3D printer. The winner will be anounced mid-April. See the full Call for Entries and submit today! More: Announcements | Competition Comments (0) Tweet View Older Entries or Jump Directly to a Post: A Slick Hinge from Germany, and Some Awesome Toolbox Designs from Brazil International Home + Housewares Show 2014: See You in Chicago, March 15-18 Join the 3D Printing Revolution as an Instructional Designer with Formlabs in Boston Like a Deer in the Headlights For the Cyclists Among Us Holy Papercuts: Stephen Sollins' Tyvek Patchwork Quilts Autonomous Termite-Based Robotic Construction Crews In the Details: Making a 3D-Printed Product Line That Doesn't Look Like It Was 3D-Printed GLOBAL ALL Design Indaba Conference: Marian Bantjes & Jessica Hische in Conversation The 2014 Design Indaba Conference & Expo Is Just Around the Corner... IMM Cologne 2014: Highlights from Messe Koeln ALL Recent Comments Say goodbye to clutter, your shins, toes, knees, and forehead if you have a child or significant other who leaves things open. by Daniel Louder on Resource Furniture's New Stealth Kitchen You are surely aware that there is a centuries long history of mechanical linkages to do these sorts of motions? The web is awash with... by tim Rowledge on A Slick Hinge from Germany, and Some Awesome Toolbox Designs from Brazil How great would that be for a "gullwing" style car door? by powers on A Slick Hinge from Germany, and Some Awesome Toolbox Designs from Brazil As an industrial designer, and 3d printing enthusiast, I do see some truth in Jay's comment. Creating a "finished" product seems to be a step... by Zach on In the Details: Making a 3D-Printed Product Line That Doesn't Look Like It Was 3D-Printed Hello Carly, Sorry for my tone, it was not directing it at the author, but more the wider public reading these articles. I assume that... by jay on In the Details: Making a 3D-Printed Product Line That Doesn't Look Like It Was 3D-Printed Photo Galleries MAISON PARIS 2014 Over 3000 exhibiters showcasing emerging home furnishings, accessories and objects. COLOGNE 2014 Highlights from IMM Cologne and the Passagen exhibitions and events held throughout the city. NAIAS 2014 The best production and concept cars seen at the North American International Auto Show in Detroit BEIJING DESIGN WEEK 2013 Now in it's third year, BJDW explores design, the built environment and the future of urban planning. FEATURED EVENTS See All Events Book Reviews Experience the Magic of 3D Printing (and Create Your Own Designs) with Carla Diana's 'LEO the Maker Prince' Reviewed by erika rae Look No Further For Your Next Book: Designers & Books Have 99 Must-Reads From 2013 Reviewed by erika rae California Dreamin': Jony Ive's Formative Post-Graduation Visit, from Leander Kahney's New Biography, Available Today Reviewed by core jr What Happens If You Let Two Designers Write Their Own History Books? Spoiler: A Much More Fun (And Beautiful) World History Reviewed by erika rae Core77 Columns See All Columns Columnist Nov 25, 2013 0 A Case for Coding Columnist Oct 7, 2013 5 The Future Mundane Columnist Aug 13, 2013 4 A New Perspective on Service Design, Knowledge and... Hair Salons!? Columnist Aug 5, 2013 5 The Simple Truth Columnist Jun 24, 2013 0 Meta-Service Design: Designing a Way for Design to Survive in a Toxic Organizational Enviroment Recent Articles The Malinalco Project: A Cross-Cultural Collaboration between Masters Students & Master Craftspeople By Etty Beke Case Study: Designing Everything but the Food By Greater Good Studio WHY WE NEED A NEW HYPER-LOCAL MODEL FOR DESIGN ACTIVISM By Julie Kim IN THE HANDS OF GOD: INSIGHTS INTO DESIGN RESEARCH By frog WHAT THE FUTURE OF FISH CAN TEACH US ABOUT DESIGNING SYSTEMS By Cheryl Dahle Discussion Threads Tweets by @core77 Get Our Newsletter Submit Sign-up for your monthly fix of design news, reviews and stuff to make you smarter. Follow Core77 Twitter Facebook RSS Most Recent Design Jobs Creative Opportunities at Coroflot.com Outstanding Design Firms Get Noticed at DesignDirectory.com Recently Featured Portfolios Inspiring Design Work at Coroflot.com Tom McWeeney Walter Rodriguez Jimenez Mary Strukel See More Portfolios Make Your Own About Core77 Contact Us Advertise with Core77 Join Our Mailing List 2014 Core77, Inc. All rights reserved 01 Our Vision 02 Design Thinking 03 History 01 Our Work 01 Our Community 02 Students 03 Our Team 04 Alumni 01 Program Structure 02 Graduate 03 Undergraduate 01 Contact Us Our site has moved. The new URL is: http://designprogram.stanford.edu If you are not redirected, please click on the link above. d.school Stanford ME Design Group Art Department Design for Change designers products firms organisations | definitions museums magazines books materials schools We help our clients leverage on Design Led Innovation to make people's lives better. Design Articles Featured Article 2 Comments Business Design Toolkit Our Design Led Innovation client consulting or facilitation sessions often involves a business diagnostic activity, that is split into something I fondly call: hard and soft diagnostics. A hard diagnostic, aptly called as it covers hard financial numbers, covers things like market share, revenue, profit, margins etc. This is a pretty meaty and tangible discussion, with a lot of great tools such as the Business Model Canvas by Alex Osterwalder or the Lean Canvas by Ash Maurya to support the discussion. On the other hand, our soft diagnostic activity tends to cover the softer more human elements of a business. This includes things such as values, culture, meaning, customer needs and motivation. Much of this actually falls within the realm of Design Thinking, and as far as I know, there is no tool for this. So I created one. Read Featured Design Article Design Leadership Industrial Design Comments Anyone? Can we fall in love with our computers? We dont talk a lot about movies at Design Sojourn. Maybe we should? Renowned futurist Ray Kurzweil, also a Googler working on machine learning and voice processing, reviews the latest Spike Jonze movie Her. Predictably the movie is about a man who falls in love with his operating system, or perhaps the artificial intelligence (AI) of his computer? Anyways the movie explores the notion of love and its manifestations. Read More Designing Designers 3 Comments Why call it Service Design? I dont get why its called Service Design? Especially when Service Design also considers products and systems in a 3-pronged holistic ecosystem? Or dont they? If so, why not call it Product design or System Design? Both disciplines do consider the other two. So designers in Service Design are called Service Designers. So do they [] Read More Design Process Designing Designers 1 Brave Comment How Creativity Works Its not hard to come up with something new. Its hard to come up with something new that people want. I think that is kind of the separation point between having lots of ideas or creating lots of stuff, and just having maybe one thing that really resonates with people that they have that Ah-Ha moment when they see it. ~ James Carnes, Global Creative Director, Senior Vice President of Design at Adidas. Read More Design Leadership Comments Anyone? Nimble Design Firms should Do Good So it seems that Frogs Chief Creative Officer, Mark Rolston, has left to start Argo a new type of design firm that is a hybrid mix of design agency, incubator and product development group. With argo, Rolston is looking to create a nimble design group that can develop independent products in house, as well as [] Read More Design Process Comments Anyone? Design Methods for Everyone I have always enjoyed discussing Design Methods and frequently use Damien Newmans Squiggle as a means to visually describe the Design or Design Thinking process. But how do you describe the feeling when you are knee deep in the process? How do you sort yourself out when you are struggling with a concept? This quote [] Read More My Tweets Readers Favorites Popular Articles 10 Essential Tips for Creating that Killer Portfolio 30 Essential Books for Industrial Designers Good Books on Design Sketching (Updated October 2011) The new Porsche 911 (2012) is just Sublime! ABOUT Strategic Partners Site Disclaimer All opinions expressed on this blog are solely the author's own and should not be attributed to his business partners or clients. Categories About Design Sojourn Design Articles Design Leadership Design Process Designing Designers Entrepreneurship Featured Article Industrial Design Spaces for Ideas Recent Writings Moving from Customer Journeys to Customer Engagement Beyond Design : Explorations Towards a New Practice of Design Design Sojourn Consulting: 3 Years On What is the Value of Design? If You Could Control Someones Attention, What Would You Do With It? Get your Elevator Pitch right for your Design Strategy to Work A Guide to Experience Maps The Definition of a Customer Touch-point Amazing Xylophone Created in a Forest [ Check out the Archives for more stuff on Strategic Design! ] Affiliations All content is Copyright 20052014 Design Sojourn. Site Version 5.0. Painfully Hosted at MT . Design Sojourn Search ABOUT CONTACT CLIENTS Dell Inc. Design Singapore Council Khoo Teck Puat Hospital Ngee Ann Polytechnic Yanko Design Design Thinking SG SERVICES Design Engage Innovation and Capability Voucher (ICV) Workshops and Seminars PRODUCTS StoryBook Sketchbook Expandable Sketchbook Shipping Information iPoor T-Shirt (Sold Out!) ARTICLES Archives Subscribe to Design Sojourn What is RSS? Store See nanotech page See E-paper E-book Š Massimo Marrazzo - BiodomoticaŽ - 2012 Brian Carter IDEA2003 Gold Design Award . Home Artwork Webwork Industrial Design Resume Notebook Sustainable Design P.P. Andriani Â  Home Bio Portfolio Contact Pierre-Paul Andriani Automotive Digital Sculptor Sculpteur Automobile Digital ^ Back to Top Copyright 1999-2013 Pierre-Paul Andriani Images courtesy: General Motors Institut Superieur de Design College for Creative Studies Search / Recherche Sign In to Edit this Site concrete5 - an open source CMS Sameer Chavan - User Experience Design Search this site Home Work Experience UX Portfolio Industrial Design Photos What is UX Blog Contact Home Email: Â Sameer @ Chavan.me Brief Profile Rich 14years of industry experience with 12 years in working on Interaction Design, User Research Usability Testing, predominantly with highly admired multinational companies â Intel, LG RD (Korea), Oracle, Siemens, Mahindra Satyam Info Edge Last worked as Chief Researcher and UX Designer for LG RD Labs, Seoul, Korea. Â Worked on Future Mobile themes and ideations. Conducted user research in London S.Korea. Previously worked as Vice President âUser Experience with Info Edge (naukri.com) in setting up UX team, defining Design directions Product strategy, reporting to CEO. Headed user experience team for all Info Edge business â naukri.com (jobs), jeevansathi.com (matrimony), 99acres.com(real estate), brijj.com (social), shiksha.com (education), etc. Setup Usability testing and user research department. In the past, worked as Manager UX at Oracle reporting to VP User Experience. Involved in drafting UI standards and patterns. Built Oracleâs first Usability Lab in India. Well familiar with Mobile Research for forecasting HCI technologies, user trends, expert insights, next generation smart phone UI. Expert in E-commerce and Consumer website strategy and design. Designed Delivered ecommerce sites from scratch to profitability. Designed complex Enterprise Applications for SAP and Oracle. Wrote UI standards, conducted Usability tests and defined Graphic Art directions . Areas of Specialization Usability of Software and Products interfaces. Expert in Interaction design,Â Usability testing,Â HCI, Cognitive Psychology, Ethnography, Heuristic review, Rapid Prototyping, Humanfactors Ergonomics. User Interaction (UI) Design for Enterprise Applications. Mobile touch screens , Gestures based designs, Speech Interaction design, Multimodal Interactions, Augmented Reality, Context Aware Interactions. Expert in Accessibility ( US 508 Accessibility standards) Well familiar with UI Standards and Patterns for Mobile, Web Applications, Rich Java Desktop Applications Conduct UCD Training and workshops Expert in Design Management, UX Strategy,Â InstitutionalizingÂ UCD Process, Product management, Requirement gathering, User study and research, and Project management. Recent activities UIE Conference - UXÂ ImmersionÂ at Portland, USA - May 2012 IXDA Conference at Dublin, Ireland â Feb 2012 Attended Mobile User Experience conference, London. Nov-2009 Attended International design research conference, IASDR -SEOUL, Oct 2009 Affiliations Founding member President of UPA Hyderabad member of ACM SIGCHI member of UPA US US International Patents Pending US Patent on UI Design on âSimplifying Interaction With Multiple Applicationsâ . Filed date: 2007 Pending International patent on Smart TV filed at http://www.wipo.int/ . Filed date; 7/6/2010 Published Paper Articles Task description for usability testingâ? published paper for HCII2007, China Opportunity for Industrial Engineers in Human Computer Interactionâ? (Word ) article in theglobaleducator magazine â Sept 2006 Culture Usability in Enterprise Applicationsâ? paper presentation at IIT Guwahati, â May 2006 What is HCIâ? (PDF -448kb) an article published in Indian magazine, â? â April 2006 Standards Based Approach for Software User Interface Designâ? CHI paper presentation at Easy6 conference, Bangalore. â Jan 2006, Virtual or Remote Collaborationâ? , a presentation at UPA, MNconference.- Aug 2003 Product Design- a Presentation at Design conference, pune India â Feb 2004 Need for Usability / ROI for Usability â Â a presentation at CHI chapter, Pune India â Mar 2003 Design process- a workshop at KBP College of Engg, Satara, India. â Sept 1999 Cognitive analysis and chaos theory for Fire rescue. Product design of such system. IIT bombay M.Des final thesis â June1999 Characters in Bond movies. An M.des special subject presentation on Art and motion pictures- Nov 1998 Form design in clay. An M.des special subject presentation. â Mar 1998 Design of spray pond system for max heat transfer. PVPIT final thesis- April 1995 Education Masterâs in Industrial Design from Industrial Design Center, Indian Institute of Technology, Powai, Mumbai India. Bachelorâs Degree in Mechanical Engineering fromPVP Institute of Technology, Sangli India. External Training and Workshops attended Mobile Form Input workshop byÂ luke wroblewski - Portland 2012 IASRD2009 , Design Researcher conference , Seoul Designing for mobile, workshop at Mobile conference , London 2009 Workshops on HCI UCD conducted by IIT andHumanfactors VIT Conference on HCI, Pune. Invited Speaker - 2008 UMO Conference at Hyderabad. Invited speaker - 2007 UPA2006 conference in Denver UPA chapter meet at Minnesota, USA IHCI 2004, Rashmi Sinhaâs âDesign for strangersâ?,Â  Easy2005, Easy 2006 conferences(Won design contest ) About Passionate Industrial Designer and Interaction Designer. Love Gadgets, Mobiles and Photography My Social Presence Sameer (at) Chavan .me Linkedin Flickr Foursquare Photography UX Blog Copyright @ Sameer Chavan Sign in | Report Abuse | Remove Access | Powered By Google Sites Coroflot - My Account h Post a Job Create a Portfolio Log In Job Board People Projects Salaries + Follow Tobias Fifield San Francisco, CA Portfolio Profile Contact Links tobiasfifield.com/tfdesignportfolio.swf Share 8 6 3 7 4 Email this Design Education 3 Files Furniture Construction Module 8 Files resume 1 File DEsign EDUcation (Student Work) 44 Files DEsign EDUcation (Student Design Campaigns) 105 Files Cardboard Chair Challenge 5 Files A Powerful Job Network We are proud to partner with these industry leading design organizations . Follow Coroflot Connect with us to get new jobs and projects daily. Visit our Blog Like us on Facebook Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Twitter Follow us on LinkedIn Design Jobs via RSS 2014 Core77, Inc. All Rights Reserved Companies About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Us Creative Jobs in Every Field 3D Modeling Account Management Administrative Support Advertising Animation Architecture Art Direction Awesomeness Branding Corporate Identity Business Development Sales Character Design Concept Art Content Strategy Copywriting Editing Creative Direction Design Management Education Engineering Environmental Graphics Event Design Exhibit Design Fashion/Apparel Footwear Furniture Game Design Graphic Design Illustration Industrial Design Information Architecture Interaction Design Interior Design Landscape Architecture Marketing Mobile App. Development Model Making Prototyping Motion Graphics Non-Profit Packaging Photography Point of Purchase Product Design Project Management Public Relations Publishing Research Service Design Set Design Social Media Softgoods Strategy Planning Sustainability Textile Design Toy Design Transportation Typography Urban Planning User Experience Visual Design Web Design Web Development Close Ad www.sanbid.com Sanbid Close Ad [ Website of Martin Ng ] Francis Ebua Jacquerye, M.A. home | about | work | locations francis.jacquerye fejack [dot] net site credits: One Shot Design Designed in XHTML 1.0 for W3C standard compliant browsers. This site is viewable by any browser Explore the Possibilities BOLTgroup Download the Krutstache ID Sampler PDF (~4mb). Design Sketches Unique, Category Owning Brands BOLTgroup , I work with a talented team of graphic designers and brand strategists to develop and implement unique and memorable brands. Download the Krutstache Brand Sampler PDF. Corporate Identity Infion Case Study Phantom logos Snazzy Napper Creative Illustration Race Flyers Bicycle Vigilante Squid vs Goat Birds of Prey Snowden Tour Flyer MTB Tattoo Thomson Day phone: 404.434.7500 e-mail: krautstache@gmail.com location: Atlanta, GA coroflot portfolio: www.coroflot.com/krautstache linkedin profile: www.linkedin.com/in/krautstache HOME ABOUT PORTFOLIO PRODUCTS SCULPTURE PHOTOGRAPHY PRESS CONTACT 1 2 3 4 5 Welcome. My name is Tom Korzeniowski and I am a freelance Industrial Designer. This website features some examples of my work from my portfolio and some background information about Please feel free to browse around and contact me with any comments or suggestions. HOME | ABOUT | PRODUCTS | PRESS | CONTACT 2008-2013 COPYRIGHT. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. CREATED BY: DESIGN DIRECTIVE INC. www.philipmadden.com philip madden design portfolio this site uses Macromedia Flash if you do not see the animation above, you need to get Flash here. or visit my online store selling t-shirts, hoodies, hats, and more. all proceeds go to funding new initiatives and projects. STUDIO SERVIZI LAVORI CLIENTI CONTATTI ENG ćąčŻ­ disegnobello industrial design industrial design disegnobello s.r.l. via Borgo Palazzo 11, 24125 Bergamo telefono 035 4284582 info@disegnobello.com p.iva 03288840162 Online since july 2001 John Greg Ball â˘ industrial design studio Product Design Urban Design Biography Contact Research: Sound Reproduction Studio News + Media     Artist Run Website - Portfolio Websites 
