 Home About Hollins Admission Academics Student Life Athletics Events News Alumnae Giving Request Info A-Z Index Directory Contact Hollins University Home : Academics : Psychology PSYCHOLOGY Overview Courses Major Requirements (PDF) Faculty Research Graduates UNDERGRADUATE PROGRAMS Art Art History Art (Studio) Biology Business Chemistry Classical Studies Communication Studies Creative Writing Dance Economics Education English Environmental Studies Film French Gender Women's Studies History Interdisciplinary International Studies Mathematics Statistics Music Philosophy Physics Political Science Psychology Religious Studies Sociology Spanish Theatre OTHER ACADEMIC OFFERINGS Study Abroad Arts Management Certificate Certificate in Leadership Studies Computer Science Pre-Law Pre-Med Pre-Nursing Pre-Vet D. O. Degree Short Term Internships First-Year Seminars Gen Ed: Education Through Skills and Perspectives Three-Year Accelerated Program Career Center Other Modern Languages (German, Japanese) COED GRADUATE PROGRAMS Overview Children's Literature Creative Writing Dance Liberal Studies Playwriting Screenwriting Film Studies Teaching Admissions Information: Graduate Admissions Graduate Financial Aid Request Information Apply Online Forms Resources ADULT HORIZON PROGRAM Overview How to Apply Deadlines Scholarships Financial Assistance Transferring Credits Housing Open House Special Visit Dates Request Information BATTEN LEADERSHIP Overview History of BLI Certificate in Leadership Studies (undergraduates) Courses Faculty Staff Certificate in Professional Leadership (women professionals) Are You a Leader? (PDF) Video: Empowering Women to Make a Difference FACULTY Faculty Highlights 2012-13 Faculty (PDF) Recent Faculty Publications REGISTRAR'S OFFICE Overview Schedule of Classes Academic Catalogs Transcript Requests LIBRARY & RESOURCES Wyndham Robertson Library Information Technology Bookshop Center for Learning Excellence Learning Accommodations Contact: Richard Michalski, chair rmichalski@hollins.edu Marilyn Thompson, secretary mthompson@hollins.edu Hollins University Hollins research featured in new book by leading authority on treating mood, sleep problems. More Seasonal affective disorder, subliminal perception, snakes, and preschoolers. What do they have in common, along with light therapy, parental investment, jealousy, and tattoos? They have all been either topics of study or populations studied by students in the psychology department at Hollins University. Working with professors and using sophisticated equipment, psychology majors learn research skills, study theory, and apply knowledge through internships. By the time students graduate, they will have gained a greater understanding of the human mind, be able to think critically, be organized, solve problems, design experiments, use statistics, and write effectively. Psychology students take a series of courses designed to expose them to areas that constitute modern psychology, with particular emphasis on research methods and the scientific roots of psychology. In addition to the core courses, students will take courses from each of the following areas: Abnormal Clinical Biological Comparative Developmental Learning, Memory, Cognition   Social Personality Independent study and research We sponsor independent studies that allow a student to pursue an in-depth study of an area of interest. The department has several lines of ongoing research, and students are encouraged to participate in these projects. Housing and travel support are available for those students who would like to travel to the professional convention at which their project is presented. Students who choose to do honors theses are required to conduct original research projects, and present their findings at the Hollins University Science Seminar and at the Virginia Psychological Association meeting held in the spring. Internships are a practical extension of the classroom The department sponsors many internships which allow students to work in organizations relating to their area of interest. Some recent psychology internships have included: Bowman Gray Medical Clinic American Psychological Association, Women's Program Office University of Maryland Medical School, Pediatrics Department Planned Parenthood Veterans Administration Hospital, Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder Unit Bedford County School System, school psychologist Psychology Associates of Tallahassee Mental Health Services of Roanoke Valley Blue Ridge Autism and Achievement Center (BRAAC) Virginia Tech Carilion Research Institute Careers in psychology Although some psychology majors choose graduate school after Hollins, others are eager to immediately start their careers. According to career research statistics, psychology majors can work in many fields after graduation, and Hollins psychology graduates have gone on to careers in: rehabilitation family counseling therapy with children school psychology community relations program development research human resources advertising, TV, and other media sales Hollins Science Seminar Each year, the Hollins Science Seminar highlights the many research projects Hollins students have carried out during the academic year. Students in psychology, biology, chemistry, mathematics, and environmental studies present posters that summarize their independent research initiatives, from field projects in the Caribbean to modeling interesting mathematical phenomena. my.hollins webmail Hollins University P. O. Box 9707 : Roanoke, VA 24020-1707 GPS: 7916 Williamson Road (800) 456-9595 : huadm@hollins.edu 
