 Cookies We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. You can change your cookie settings at any time. Otherwise, we'll assume you're OK to continue. A-Z Index Accessibility Business Colleges Departments University Research Students About the University School of Government & International Affairs You are in: Home School of Government & International Affairs About Us Politics Politics The School of Government and International Affairs is unique in its ability to provide broad regional expertise grounded in a strong disciplinary context. The School is a leading provider of undergraduate teaching with notable specialisms in comparative government, history of political thought, international relations, European studies and East Asian studies, offering a full range of degree programmes, from an extremely popular undergraduate Honours degree in Politics , through a diverse programme of taught Masters degrees which include M.A. in Politics and International Relations (Political Theory), M.A. in International Studies and M.A. in International Relations with regional focus on Europe, the Middle East, and East Asia, to Doctoral and other postgraduate research degrees, where students, undergraduate and postgraduate, are based at the Al-Qasimi Building on Elvet Hill Road. The School particularly welcomes applications from graduate students seeking to pursue a research degree in its specialist fields. The School is housed in two buildings South End House, which is situated on the corner of South Road and Elvet Hill Road (near Van Mildert and Trevelyan Colleges), and the Al-Qasimi Building, just along the road on Elvet Hill Road. Undergraduate administration matters and admissions are dealt with in the School Office at the Al-Qasimi Building. Visiting Durham Contact us about B availability. Quick Links Postgraduate Opportunities Undergraduate Opportunities SGIA Home About Us Politics Facilities Undergraduate Study Postgraduate Study Research Projects & Initiatives Staff Contact Us Espaol Portugus Contact us Comments Questions Charitable Status Disclaimer Trading Name Cookie usage policy Updated: 18th October 2013 
