 Browser does not support script. Browser does not support script. Browser does not support script. Browser does not support script. Browser does not support script. University of Birmingham Search University Alumni Giving Working here News Events Visit Undergraduate Study at Birmingham Course finder Birmingham Foundation Academy Entry requirements English for international students Request a prospectus Fees and funding Accommodation Careers Teaching and learning Student support Why Birmingham? Visit us Teachers, careers advisors and parents Study abroad Undergraduate open days Undergraduate Prospectus Postgraduate Postgraduate taught study Postgraduate research study Find a postgraduate course Postgraduate taught entry requirements Postgraduate research entry requirements English for International Students Request a prospectus Postgraduate taught fees and funding Postgraduate research fees and funding Postgraduate funding database Accommodation Careers Teaching and learning Student support Why Birmingham? Visit us Postgraduate Open Days Postgraduate Prospectus Research Research Our research Our impact Research Facilities Supporting research Partners and collaborators The Institute of Advanced Studies Funding and awards Birmingham Heroes Research opportunities Birmingham heroes Institute of Advanced Studies International International International students Study Abroad Birmingham Foundation Academy Birmingham International Summer School English for International Students Unit Strategic global engagement Our global impact International partnerships International visitors News Meet us in your country Contact us International Prospectus Key territories Business Business Services to business Recruiting our students to work for you International collaborations Conferences and events STEM centre - Birmingham and Solihull Recruiting our students to work for you Tailored for business Home Schools and Departments School of Government and Society Departments Department of Political Science and International Studies School of Government and Society About us Departments International Development Department Institute of Local Government Studies Department of Political Science and International Studies About us Degrees and courses Teaching and learning Sociology at Birmingham Institute of German Studies (IGS) Research Alumni News Events Staff Centre for Russian and East European Studies Degrees and courses Study here International Research Facilities Alumni News Events Staff Contact Guardian University Guide 2014 ranked 15th out of 128 institutions surveyed.The School of Government and Society performed well with Politics placing 10thout of 78and Sociology Undergraduate degrees Choose to study in POLSIS and take the opportunity to examine some of the most important political issues, both at a national and international level, that we, as citizens, face in the 21st century. Undergraduate degree programmes Masters degrees The Department of Political Science and International Studies offers the broadest range of MA programmes of any department in the UK, all delivered by internationally-recognised staff. Masters degree programmes Doctoral research We welcome applications for Research degrees in a variety of subject areas. We offer PhD and MPhil study with the support of dedicated supervisors who are experts in their field. Doctoral research degrees Amy Binstead, BA Education and Sociology (1st year) Description Current student Amy Binstead talks about her experience on the BA (Hons) Education and Sociology undergraduate course in the University of Birmingham. Date: Thursday 6th February 2014 POLSIS seminar series podcast: Deliberative leadership Description The Department of Political Science and International Studies (POLSIS) Departmental Seminar. Speaker: John Parkinson (Warwick) Discussant: Andrew Knops. Date: Thursday 6th February 2014 Full fee bursaries available for postgraduate study in POLSIS 2014-15 Description For the Academic year 2014-15, POLSIS is pleased to offer a range of full and partial bursaries for both domestic/EU and non-EU students. Bursaries are competitive and awarded on the basis of academic merit and the potential to achieve academic excellence. Date: Thursday 30th January 2014 Student profile: Ursula Houston, Sociology BA Description Since graduating with a first class degree in Sociology, I have been lucky enough to secure two different internships in the public sector. Both internships were advertised by the careers service solely for University of Birmingham students. Date: Monday 27th January 2014 news and events from across the department Tweets by @BhamPolsis Browser does not support script. Essential Courses Order a prospectus Vacancies Schools and departments Contact us Maps and directions Open days News Events Publication scheme Current students my.bham student portal Current student intranet Schools and departments Guild of Students UB Sport Equality and Diversity Current staff Staff intranet Schools and departments Vacancies my.bham staff portal Equality and Diversity Services and facilities Libraries Facilities search Conferences and hospitality Businesses Freedom of information Supplier zone UB Sport Online shop Culture and collections Our collections Barber Institute of Fine Arts Bramall Music Building Cadbury Research Library: Special Collections Lapworth Museum of Geology Research and Cultural Collections Winterbourne House and Garden Privacy Legal Cookies and cookie policy Accessibility Site map Website feedback Charitable information Powered by Contensis Browser does not support script. 
