 fototiller.com Blog crumpler bags on sale Friday 25th January 2008 If youre looking for a new bag for you camera, you cant go wrong with a Crumpler. And right now you can get the bags for more than 40% off at Sierra Trading Post (and its a great color). Hurry, their stuff sells out fast. Crumpler Four Million Dollar Photo Bag for $34.95 and the Two Million Dollar Photo Bag for $19.95 Filed under: gear | Comments (2) | Add to del.icio.us the post family Wednesday 23rd January 2008 Rod Hunting of The Post Family has made some awesome vintage camera prints (his first poster was featured on Coudals swap meat). Here are some that are currently for sale: polaroid (set of two 88 prints for $20) Camera Poster #2 ( It’s the same size, color and configuration as the first one so it’ll be great as a pair or by itself. 24” x 27, $30) Filed under: photo-inspired , retro | Comment (1) | Add to del.icio.us finette frame Tuesday 22nd January 2008 Cool frame from Umbra . Filed under: frames | Comment | Add to del.icio.us paul frank camera wallet Wednesday 16th January 2008 Paul Frank camera wallet Filed under: accessories , photo-inspired | Comment | Add to del.icio.us japanese frame calendar Tuesday 15th January 2008 Is it too late to buy a 2008 calendar? Not when its as cool as this one AND 50% off. A wall calender designed to be customized by you! Frame your pet, your kids, or loved ones in a new style for each month! Sold out at Fred Flare but available online at Art Effect . Filed under: photo holders | Comment (1) | Add to del.icio.us elphs circus photo albums Monday 14th January 2008 These have got to be the cutest photo albums ever. From the Japanese Elphs Circus product line. I found Elphs Circus products at one of my favorite local stores, Essentials , but still trying to find where you can buy these online. Filed under: albums | Comment | Add to del.icio.us crafty advent calendar Wednesday 5th December 2007 Modern Cottage made this cool advent calendar using an old type drawer and photos of numbers for each day. Very clever. I love the idea of using a type drawer as a frame for photos! Filed under: diy , holidays | Comments (3) | Add to del.icio.us photo albums Tuesday 4th December 2007 Love these albums that Joy posted. Available at Auto. Filed under: albums , photography | Comment (1) | Add to del.icio.us baby books Wednesday 21st November 2007 Here are some of my favorite baby books for keeping photos and recording those first years. These are great gifts to give for parents of a new baby as they dont take up much space. Baby bird first year album and baby book from Binth are picture above. I just purchased The First 1000 Days from Nikki McClure it is a lovely little book with room for photos and journaling. Filed under: kids | Comment | Add to del.icio.us snow! Tuesday 20th November 2007 Its the first snow! Hurrah! Heres some snowy photo fun. Clockwise from top left: silver snowflake card (photo) holder from Wendy Addison (O, the glitter!) DIY your photos into sparkling holiday cards the Martha way elum spiral snowflake photo card (on sale!) from Greer Chicago snow globe Frame from Urban Outfitters snowflake photo stands from Beau Coup snowflake frame ornament from Crate and Barrel Filed under: photo holders | Comment | Add to del.icio.us leaf skeleton magnet Monday 19th November 2007 Leaf Skeleton magnet . Use it to hold up a photo or alone to dress up the fridge. From Esty seller Skinny la Minx . Filed under: photo holders , photography | Comments (2) | Add to del.icio.us ruffle edge frame Monday 6th August 2007 Love this ornate frame from brocade home. Too bad I cant afford it. Filed under: frames | Comments (6) | Add to del.icio.us photo luggage tags Friday 3rd August 2007 Photo Luggage Tags from Shutterfly spotted on AT: Nursery. Filed under: photo gift | Comment | Add to del.icio.us personalized photo album Wednesday 1st August 2007 This personalized photo album from Garnet Hill would make a great bridesmaid gift ($28). Filed under: albums , wedding | Comment | Add to del.icio.us autumn tree frame Tuesday 31st July 2007 For me, its never too soon to start dreaming of autumn. Autumn tree frame at Sprout Home. Check out the sweet little chick frame , also. Filed under: frames | Comment | Add to del.icio.us cheap frames Wednesday 25th July 2007 Cool photo frames from Walmart. Yes, Walmart. High Gloss Black Photo Frame $10 Eco Bamboo Photo Frame $10 Filed under: frames | Comments (2) | Add to del.icio.us moo stickers Tuesday 24th July 2007 Stickers from your photos Via How about orange Filed under: diy , photo gift | Comment | Add to del.icio.us meditation necklace Monday 23rd July 2007 From ELSEWARES This reflective and tranquil image is taken from a vintage graphic which is sealed with resin and set in sterling silver. Part of the artists line which captures the essence of early 20th century illustration and photography. Filed under: accessories , photo-inspired | Comment (1) | Add to del.icio.us jen corace wedding album Friday 13th July 2007 Sweet little design on this wedding photo album from Jen Coraces Etsy shop. Filed under: albums , wedding | Comments (2) | Add to del.icio.us photogram abc poster Wednesday 30th May 2007 Cool for a kids room photogram ABC poster ($68) from Spring3D . Winner in the category of typography AIGA (American Institute of Graphic Arts)- the Photogram Alphabet is composed of found, recycled, and reused objects. Each letter is created by capturing the shadow of an object without any distortion of scale with all the objects photographed together. Filed under: decor , kids | Comment (1) | Add to del.icio.us lomo notebook Tuesday 29th May 2007 Lomography notebook from Urban Outfitters Vintage-inspired notebook for the avid and the not-so-much Lomo-er alike. 211 blank pages, each with a LomoMission of The Day (such as people chewing gum and wasted opportunity ), LomoCation of The Day (like the San Diego harbor and Park Monceau in Paris), plus LomoTips and tricks. It also includes a year long planner, calendars for 2007-2010, international dialing codes, international time zones and a built-in pocket at the back. Elastic strap closure. Filed under: book | Comment | Add to del.icio.us martha stewart crafts Tuesday 8th May 2007 Martha just launched her new line of craft supplies. Havent had a chance to check it all out, but I love the cutout mats of these photo frames in the Photo Frame Kit . Filed under: diy , frames | Comments (3) | Add to del.icio.us frame wall decals Monday 30th April 2007 Picture Frame Wall Decals . These pressure sensitive vinyl decals can be used on your walls or windows. They are not reusable, but you do have the ability to your application before they set. This set is designed to look like fancy-pants picture frames, in various sizes, ready for you to decorate your space with tons of pictures. Filed under: photo holders | Comment | Add to del.icio.us photo birth announcements Wednesday 25th April 2007 Were gearing up for the arrival of child number 2 (aka Sparkle) this summer, so Im looking for some birth announcements now. I swear I will not buy some and then leave them in a drawer somewhere only to find them three years later unused. So, I think having some sent directly from a site might be the way to go. Not sure if Im crazy about these photo birth announcements , but at least there are some that are not pink and blue. Anyone have a source for photo birth announcements that theyd recommend? Filed under: kids | Comments (21) | Add to del.icio.us photopop album Tuesday 24th April 2007 This is different a layered pop-up photo album from Umbra. photopop album Filed under: albums | Comments (2) | Add to del.icio.us bridesmaid albums Friday 6th April 2007 monogrammed albums from Marcela Creations would be perfect. Ive posted on some of the Marcela albums in the past, but I really love the muted colors of these new designs. Choose from a wide variety of fonts for the monogram. Filed under: albums , wedding | Comments (3) | Add to del.icio.us acme made Thursday 5th April 2007 Cool pink and black camera bag from acme made. Far from basic black nylon, this leather camera case has a sleek exterior. When unzipped, the case opens to a microsuede lined interior with multiple pockets and fasteners for everything from a digital camera to the memory card, the charger, and a USB cable for downloads on the go. Choices for the exterior include pretty, pebble pink leather or a sleek black perforated leather. $55 Filed under: gear | Comment | Add to del.icio.us barkley frame Wednesday 4th April 2007 Barkley frame from Umbra. Organically shaped frames inspired by nature. Cast from the bark of deciduous trees. $44.00 USD Filed under: frames | Comment | Add to del.icio.us vintage camera poster Tuesday 3rd April 2007 Fototiller reader Carrie wrote in to tell me about this awesome vintage camera poster available at the Coudal Partners Swap Meat , designed by Rod Hunter . Limited-edition of only 100 (better grab one now), it is a 24 x 26 hand-screened print for only $35. And it certainly is awesome I love it. Thanks Carrie! (And check out Rods site to see some cool red polaroid pics and camera tee shirt designs.) Filed under: retro | Comments (6) | Add to del.icio.us quik pod Monday 2nd April 2007 A new addition to the array of clever (and little) tripods for your digital cam. The quik pod is the equivalent of having super long arms to hold your camera for self-portraits or any other hard to reach shot. Filed under: gear | Comment (1) | Add to del.icio.us ink jet shrinkies Friday 30th March 2007 Make lots of cool stuff from your pics printed from your ink jet onto these shrinky sheets . A timeless classic. Design your own keychains, jewelry, picture frames, or anything else you can imagine. Inkjet option makes these better than ever! Filed under: photography | Comments (2) | Add to del.icio.us holga pendant Wednesday 28th March 2007 Super cool in black the Holga acrylic pendant necklace from Etsy seller Nelly Joy . Filed under: accessories | Comment | Add to del.icio.us wall-o-photos Tuesday 27th March 2007 Make your own Wall-O-Photos with these clear, plastic, hanging sleeves from Urban Outfitters. Filed under: photo holders | Comments (3) | Add to del.icio.us job jacket gallery Monday 26th March 2007 Create a quick change photo gallery using job jackets, as described in the latest issue of Blueprint . Filed under: decor , frames | Comments (2) | Add to del.icio.us oui oui Thursday 15th March 2007 Everything sounds better in French. Cute photo albums from La Corbeille Editions . Filed under: albums | Comment | Add to del.icio.us bailey album Wednesday 14th March 2007 Just in time for spring. The colorful and stripey Bailey album from Kolo . Filed under: albums | Comment | Add to del.icio.us record album frame Friday 9th March 2007 image from cb2 catalog I love this idea for displaying a photo. Have it blown up to a large poster size, then cut into squares and frame with square record album frames . You could also use this with a rasterbated photo or a poster printed on multiple pages with your home printer (use blockposters or posteriza to break the photo into multiple pages). Filed under: decor , frames | Comments (5) | Add to del.icio.us panorama lampshade Thursday 8th March 2007 Here’s one of three projects I wrote up for the latest JPG Magazine, issue 9 . Check it out subscribe online or buy it at a bookstore. These projects take a digital photo from the dim glow of your computer monitor to a lovely light to amp up the atmosphere at your next party, brighten up a dark nook in your home or give as a cool photo gift. Love panoramas? Like lamps? Then this project is for you. Here’s how to make a very simple lampshade from a panorama photo – you can use it for an existing lamp base or use a hanging bulb kit to make the shade into a hanging pendant. What you need: A lampshade (drum or cylinder shape is the easiest to deal with) in white or very pale color. Panorama photo cropped to fit the circumference and height of the shade and printed on translucent paper (ink jet vellum paper works nicely) Note: instead of a panorama, you can also put together more than one photo or use pieces of a photo. Double-sided tape or glue dots Print the photo out onto the translucent paper; it’s fine to print it on more than one piece of paper. Measure your shade and cut the photo to fit around the shade. Attach to the inside of the shade using double stick tape or glue dots. The image will appear when you turn on the light and disappear when the light is off. For a more intense effect, you can instead put your photo on the outside of the shade so it is visible at all times. Filed under: diy | Comments (4) | Add to del.icio.us sx-70 tees Tuesday 6th March 2007 I have no idea what the deal is with these shirts (anyone know japanese?), but they were too cool not to post. 楽天市場】SX-70 COLLABORATE WEAR：GENERAL STORE Filed under: tees | Comment (1) | Add to del.icio.us recycled mag frame Monday 5th March 2007 recycled magazine frames look fun to make, too. Or buy em at Urban Outfitters. Filed under: frames | Comments (2) | Add to del.icio.us Home Archives Links About Search Pages About Links Categories accessories albums book camera contests decor design digital diy frames gear green holidays kids novelty photo gift photo holders photo storage photo-inspired photographers photography retro schools out tees wedding Archives January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 August 2007 July 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 Your Ad Here Sponsored links This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 2.5 License . Powered by WordPress . Designed by Carol . Need a feed? RSS 2.0 
