 Hobbies & Games Photography Search Basics Lessons Equipment Share Must Reads How to Photograph Fireworks Beach Photo Tips Moon Photo Tips How to Choose a Wedding Photographer Photography Forum Browse Topic Photography Lessons Photo Contests Rights and Copyrights Equipment (Cameras, Lenses, Props, Etc) Developing and Printing Organizing Your Photos History of Photography Famous Photographers Photo Sharing and Display Photo Contest Spot Color Photography Contest - #105 See if you can make good use of spot color. Read More ť Contest Links Assignment Rules Assignment Discussion/Questions See Current Entries Here Highlights Free August Calendar Wallpaper Depth of Field Night Photography is Cooler The summer sun makes daytime nearly unbearable right now. Take photos when it is cooler. Try your hand at night and moon photography. Read More ť Moon Photography Moon Photography Lessons How to Edit Your Moon Pictures Night Photo Tips Photography Spotlight 10 Street Photography Contest Winners Thursday August 9, 2012 Part of what I love about being the Photography Guide here at About.com is virtually meeting so many different folks from around the world. This street photography contest gave me another interesting look in to your world. To see all the winning images and read the critiques just click the photo! Comments (0) Permalink Share August 8, 2012 Photo of the Week Wednesday August 8, 2012 Raksha Bandhan Photo Š mahashakes with permission to About.com, Inc. Click on the photo to see the original post in the forum. Comments (1) Permalink Share Back to Basics - Controls Monday August 6, 2012 Sometimes it is necessary to take a step back and review the basics. Camera controls are all about modifying light, either how much light strikes the film or how sensitive the film is to light. The two primary ways to control the light striking the film are shutter speed and aperture. Shutter speed controls how long light is allowed to strike the film while aperture controls how much light strikes the film. These two controls work in conjunction with the ISO setting (that controls the film sensitivity in digital cameras and refers to the film sensitivity in film cameras) to fine tune the light recorded by the camera. Comments (0) Permalink Share Forum Flashback: 4 August 2012 Saturday August 4, 2012 Photo Š HC James with permission to About.com, Inc. Comments (0) Permalink Share See More Explore Photography Must Reads How to Photograph Fireworks Beach Photo Tips Moon Photo Tips How to Choose a Wedding Photographer Photography Forum Most Popular How to Make the Copyright Symbol on Windows and... How To Price Your Photos - A Guide On How To... Comparison of Photograph Print Sizes Major Types of Cameras - SLR and Point and... How Big Can I Print My Photos? By Category Photography Lessons Photo Contests Rights and Copyrights Equipment (Cameras, Lenses, Props, Etc) Developing and Printing Organizing Your Photos History of Photography Famous Photographers Photo Sharing and Display Photography About.com Hobbies & Games Photography Most Popular Latest Articles RSS Advertise on About.com Our Story News SiteMap All Topics Reprints Help Write for About Careers at About User Agreement Ethics Policy Patent Info. Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices and Cookie Policy 2014 About.com. All rights reserved. 
