 Jump to: Main navigation content Kampfkunstschule Kuk Sool Won Traditionelle Koreanische Kampfkunst in Worms Mitglied der World Kuk Sool Association Startseite News & Events Der Wormser Dojang Ăber die Kampfkunst Galerie & Archiv National & International Kontakt aufnehmen Herzlich Willkommen auf den Seiten unserer Kampfkunstschule! Kuk Sool Won ist eine traditionelle koreanische Kampfkunst, bestehend aus einem integrativen System von Techniken verschiedener Gebiete. Die Vielseitigkeit der Kampfkunst macht Kuk Sool Won zu einer einzigartigen Sportart fĂźr Geist und KĂśrper. [weiterlesen] Erfahren Sie mehr Ăźber die Kampfkunst Kuk Sool Won GrĂźnder Verband Informationen zum offiziellen Verband, der World Kuk Sool Association und zu seinem GrĂźnder, Kuk Sa Nim In Hyuk Suh [mehr] Geschichte Terminologie Hintergrundwissen und Fachbegriffe zu unseren traditionellen Formen und Waffenformen, zu unseren Abwehrtechniken und vielem [mehr] Kurse Trainingzeiten Wir bieten verschiedene Kuk Sool Won Kurse in der Wormser Sportschule an. Informieren Sie sich Ăźber alle Kursarten und die Trainingszeiten [mehr] Ăber den Meister der Wormser Schule Kwahn Jang Nim Kea-Hong Kwon (7. Dan) Kwon, Kwahn Jang Nim wurde 1956 in der sĂźdkoreanischen Hauptstadt Seoul geboren. Seit mehr als 35 Jahren beschĂ¤ftigt er sich intensiv mit Kuk Sool Won und gehĂśrt zu den international hochrangigsten Meistern der Kampfkunst. Neben seinem Training studierte er traditionelle asiatische Medizin. Nach dem Abschluss seiner Studien entschloss er sich, ins Ausland zu gehen. So kam er 1979 nach Deutschland. Lesen Sie [mehr] Sie haben Fragen und mĂśchten Kontakt mit uns aufnehmen? Ist Kuk Sool Won die richtige Kampfkunst fĂźr Sie? Welche kĂśrperlichen Vorraussetzungen braucht man? Wie lĂ¤uft das Training ab? Schreiben Sie uns einfach eine E-Mail . Wir geben Ihnen jederzeit gerne Auskunft zu allen Aspekten unserer Kampfkunst. Das Wormser Kuk Sool Won Team Nach oben Drucken Pfad: Startseite Suche Bitte Suchwort eingeben: Suche abschicken: Kuk Sool Won Schule Worms Kuk Sool Won Schule Worms postal GĂźterhallenstr. 2 67549 Worms Rheinland-Pfalz Deutschland work +49 6241 59 17 81 webmaster@kuksoolwon.de Home Kontakt Impressum WKSA Free Web Hosting Provider Web Hosting E-commerce High Speed Internet Free Web Page Search the Web Welcome! Close Would you like to make this site your homepage? It's fast and easy... Yes, Please make this my home page! No Thanks Don't show this to me again. Close FARSHID SHBAFROOZAN KUK SOOL WON HomePage Historyof Kuk Sool Won PhotoPage Photospage2 PhotoPage3 KukSool On The Cover Page of Magazines GrandMaster Pictures Terminology Articles GuestBook Page FavoriteLinks ContactPage Eventsand Tournaments Master Gaffari and Master Shabafroozan Master Gaffari first introduced Kuk Sool Won to Iran and Master Farshid Shabafroozan Representative of WKSA IN North York Toronto Canada & Former Representative of WKSA in Iran Pyung Kwahn Jahng Nim Farshid Shabafroozan Visited Kwan Ja Nim Jack Harvey and Pu Sabam Nim Alisia Harvey at Kuk Sool Won of St. Louis, USA Welcome to the Pyung Kwahn JahngNim Farshid Shabafroozan's website This web site is dedicated to GrandMaster "In Hyuk Su", and all Kuk Sool practitioners in Iran from Farshid Shabafroozan. Send us an e-mail What Is KUK SOOL WON? Kuk Sool is a comprehensive martial arts system that is derived from the rich and varied martial arts techniques and traditions that have arisen in Korea through the ages. Kuk Sool is not a sport, nor is it simply another oriental self-defense method. Kuk Sool is a complete martial art that is dedicated to the cultivation of physical/mental strength and well-being, and to the preservation of traditional Korean martial arts. Although its origin may be traced back to antiquity, the present Kuk Sool system was formally devised only recently by Grandmaster "In Hyuk Sue", who has spent more than 50 years in single-minded practice and research in order to learn, compile, master, and organize more than 3,600 techniques that comprise Kuk Sool. He founded Kuk Sool Won (traditional Korean Martial Arts Association) in 1961, and brought it to the United States in 1974 to establish the World Kuk Sool Association, which was headquartered in San Francisco for 17 years and relocated to Houston, Texas in 1991. As of 1998, the Association has grown to include more than 400 member schools world-wide. For self-defense, Kuk Sool is unsurpassed. It combines kicking, punching, throwing, falling, choking, joint-locking and a myriad of weapons techniques into a beautiful and dynamic 'hard-soft' style, emphasizing speed and fluidity. In conjunction with physical training, meditation, breathing, acupressure and acupuncture techniques are employed to improve health, to develop internal power, and to retard the aging process. Philosophically, Kuk Sool stresses humility, self-discipline, self-control, loyalty and respect for others. Together, these aspects of Kuk Sool provide the means for attaining a long and healthy life. What are classes like? Each Kuk Sool Won school maintains its own class schedule, while all schools offer the same curriculum by certified instructors. Children's classes are about one hour long, and adult classes are two hours long. A typical class begins with a series of warm-up excercises designed to stretch and strengthen muscles and joints. After warm-ups, basic hand striking and kicking drills are performed followed by falling, self-defense techniques, and forms practice. Additional training in weapons and sparring may be arranged for intermediate and/or advanced levels. Each student is allowed to progress at his or her own pace, and encouraged to come in between classes for additional practice and instruction. Students attend as many classes as they wish each week. Kuk Sool Won Of Iran Please sign our guest book and let us know what is your opinion and comments about our site. If you need any information, send us an e-mail. You will have your response as soon as it is possible. webmaster@kuksooliran.com Tell A Friend! Type In Your Name: Type In Your E-mail: Your Friend's E-mail: Your Comments: Receive copy: KSW World Kuk Sool Won Association Home About Kuk Sool Won Resources FAQs Programs We Offer Womenâs Self Defense Workshops Martial Arts Camps Parents' Night Out Kids Classes Adult Classes Family Classes News and Events Instructors Schedule Under Black Belt Rank Testing Black Belt Testing Testimonials Map Contact Joseph Foster Kids Classes Adult Classes Family Classes Womenâs Self Defense FREE Month News Events Instructors Joe Foster read more Carrie Johnson Copyright ÂŠ KSW Woodlands 2013. All rights reserved. Home Facility Instructors Location What is KSW? Calendar Specials FAQ's Pictures Student Resources Class Schedule News Letter Wrist Twisters Contact us "There are those of us In search of -Barry Harmon 2008 World Kuk Sool Championship October 11th. UP COMING EVENTS Local Demonstrations 
