 Home Page of Sven Koenig I am interested in intelligent systems that enable single situated agents (such as robots decision-support systems ) and teams of agents Computer Science Department University of Southern California (USC) skoenig@usc.edu 
 John A. Carroll Homepage Research projects Workshops Publications John A. Carroll Professor of Computational Linguistics Department of Informatics University of Sussex Email: WWW: http://www.sussex.ac.uk/Users/johnca/ Phone: +44 1273 678029 Fax: Research research projects workshops publications Current and recent responsibilities SIGPARSE Dialogue 2012 CICLing 2012 ACL 2011 Best paper awards NLP resources that I have contributed to RASP parsing system English parser evaluation corpus parser efficiency comparison data morphological and orthographic tools for English LKB System Alvey NL Tools Administration Teaching Raphael Commins Cognitive and Language Processing Systems Department of Informatics University of Sussex 
 Lynn Lambert General Info Spring 2014 Upcoming Events Research Interests 
 blog about writing press Follow @dochugo Hugo Liu hunch.com , and a taste researcher at MIT Media Lab , where he earned his PhD in 2006. Larifari.org is a blog about taste science, product design, and internet life. hugo@media.mit.edu twitter hunch formspring blip.fm How Altruism Keeps Users Engaged - Comments This post is part of the Game-Like Mechanics Developers of social platforms hope to engage users through basic game mechanics like points, levels, and leaderboards. While these features can create initial draw, they don't often lead to sustainable engagement. Â This is because points, levels, and leaderboards treat users as a homogenous group of competitors who relate in a basic way. In contrast, successful social platforms support heterogenous user groups who relate in rich and complementary ways. The most important group distinction is the one between high-level users ("masters") and low-level users ("newbies"). Master users are loyal, avid, and accomplished users -- the heart and soul of a community. Newbies represent growth. A thriving platform must successfully engage both. But how? In my experience, one of the best ways to create sustainable engagement around a social platform is to empower master users to perform altruistic acts for newbies. Keep reading If Chanel Were a Product Designer - Comments Much like in fashion, the internet has few innovators and many imitators. It isn't that innovators create new features and imitators copy them. Because everything is remix . What separates the two groups, as in fashion, is a difference in taste level. Innovators design products that feel elegant and editorial, while imitators' products are poorly executed - a mashup of features that don't hang well together. In the fashion world, one legendary innovator possessed good taste beyond compare. Defined by her taste level, the fashion house she founded has stood as a paragon of luxury for a hundred years . Her name is Coco Chanel. Most people know her as a fashion designer. Less widely appreciated is the fact that Coco Chanel herself was a philosopher of taste Keep reading Night of the Living Unread - Comments This post is part of the Game-Like Mechanics stop breathing Inbox Zero arms race toward gamification Keep reading The Need to Complete - Comments This post is part of the Game-Like Mechanics Video games offer a possibility rarely had in real life - the satisfaction of being truly madly deeply 100% complete. Beating Grand Theft Auto IV will take two weeks. But then again, the main story line is only 68% of the game . To reach 100% complete, you'll have to finish umpteen side quests, like chasing down 200 pigeons , and meeting random pedestrians . It can take hundreds of hours. And the prize for getting 100% complete? Well, there isn't one really. Keep reading Game-like Mechanics: The Tutorial - Comments This post is part of the Game-Like Mechanics Product people in consumer internet have game envy . Everything should be as fun and engaging as Super Mario Kart . This agenda is emboldened by the success of Foursquare - the half-app, half- alternate reality game. Game mechanics such as points, leaderboards, badges, and mayorships are what make Foursquare more engaging, addictive, and successful than all the other location apps. Now other apps are eager to jump on the game mechanics bandwagon. Badges, for example, are suddenly cropping up everywhere . But in some cases, their use feels contrived, or even worse, users begin to feel manipulated. It's important to realize that explicit game mechanics may not be appropriate for all apps. Instead, consider incorporating game-like mechanics to engage users. These are design patterns that come from videogame theory, but importantly, they aren't overtly videogame-y. Since they don't cry out: "I'm from a video game," game-like mechanics may be suitable for a broader range of apps. Keep reading 5 Usability Flaws in iPhone OS 4 - Comments "Clutter and confusion are not attributes of information, they are failures of design." -Edward Tufte Apple exceeded Microsoft by market capitalization ZOMG Folders are Cluttery! Keep reading Curation as a Metaphor to Live By - Comments Internet-y people use the term 'curation' to mean the process of finding, filtering and organizing digital artifacts according to one's tastes. If you've ever filled out a social network profile , hearted a track on last.fm, or rated a movie on netflix, then congrats, you've unlocked the Curator Badge! Two weeks ago, Silicon Valley Insider pronounced with great fanfare that Content is No Longer King: Curation is King ! "King Content is dead! Long live King Curation!" you can hear the Interwebizens Liking from their Second Life villas . This got me excited too, albeit for a different reason -- I love words and their agency. I love that the metaphor of curation is being embraced by the internet. Keep reading How Altruism Keeps Users Engaged 15 dec 2011 If Chanel Were a Product Designer 09 mar 2011 Night of the Living Unread 15 dec 2010 The Need to Complete 16 nov 2010 Game-like Mechanics: The Tutorial 09 nov 2010 5 Usability Flaws in iPhone OS 4 21 jul 2010 Curation as a Metaphor to Live By 07 jul 2010 Blog Archive Recent Comments 
 Ke XU Professor of Computer Science National Laboratory of Software Development Environment Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics Email kexu999(AT)gmail.com Research Interests Aircraft Design and Structural Analysis (previously) Design and Analysis of Algorithms Phase Transitions in NP-Complete Problems Constraint Satisfaction Problem (CSP) The Satisfiability Problem (SAT) Logic and Complexity Logic Programming Data Mining Combinatorics and Random Graphs Cryptography Based on NP-hard Problems Selected Papers . ( ps ) ( ps.gz ) ( pdf ) Artificial Intelligence , 171(2007):514-534. appeared in Proc. of 19th IJCAI Ke Xu and Wei Li. . ( ps ) ( ps.gz ) ( pdf ) Theoretical Computer Science , 355(2006):291-302. Earlier version Qingguo Zheng, Ke Xu and Shilong Ma. ( pdf) Proc. (PAKDD), LNAI 2637, pages 545-550 , 2003. Shilong Ma, Yuefei Sui and Ke Xu. . ( ps ) ( ps.gz ) ( pdf ) Proc. 18th International Conference on Logic Programming (ICLP), Ke Xu and Wei Li. . ( ps ) ( ps.gz ) ( pdf ) Journal of Artificial Intelligence Research , 12(2000):93-103. More selected papers and selected technical reports ... Benchmarks Based on Model RB Forced Satisfiable CSP and SAT Benchmarks of Model RB Weighted Max-2-SAT Benchmarks with Hidden Optimum Solutions (New!) 2009 Ke Xu 
 Peter@Norvig.com NEW NEW xkcd 1313: Regex Golf Part 2 ; also Part 1 # English Letter Frequency Counts: Mayzner Revisited # Google's Hybrid Approach to Research published at ACM Top Dozen Links on Norvig.com Gettysburg Powerpoint Presentation and its making #2 AI: A Modern Approach (book) and AI on the Web #3 World's Longest Palindrome #4 Teach Yourself Programming in 10 Years #5 Paradigms of AI Programming (book) with code #6 Java IAQ and Python IAQ #7 Design Patterns in Dynamic Languages #8 Lisp compared to Python , Java , and itself in 1991 #9 Code for Intro AI programming in Python Lisp #10 Einstein '05 Performance Review #11 JScheme: Scheme in Java #12 Doing the Martin Shuffle (with your iPod) Artificial Intelligence Books AI: A Modern Approach Outstanding ... will deservedly dominate the field for some time Amazon #5 Paradigms of AI Programming Possibly the best hardcore programming book ever. Amazon # Amazon # Intelligent Help Systems for Unix Amazon Free Open Source Software Lisp for Paradigms of AI Programming #9 Code in Python Lisp AI: A Modern Approach #11 JScheme: Scheme in Java # Beal's Conjecture # Pugdom Nutdom # LTD: Converting Lisp to Dylan # py2html (.py) # docex (.py) # yaptu.py Humor Gettysburg Powerpoint Presentation and its making #10 Einstein '05 Performance Review # Norvig's Law # A Y2K Saga # Familiar and Unfamiliar Quotations # McSweeney's: Gilligan's Island starring the Bush Administration # McSweeney's: Stories that would be different with cell phones # My Speech to the Graduates Contact Information Director of Research # Vita / resume online papers ; short bio with photos Me elsewhere on the web ; photos I've taken Java, Lisp and Python Essays Paradigms of AI Programming Lisp code #6 Java IAQ #6 Python IAQ #8 Python for Lisp Programmers #11 JScheme: Scheme implemented in Java # (How to Write a (Lisp) Interpreter (in Python)) # Lisp: Where Do We Come From? What Are We? Where Are We Going? # # Lisp as an Alternative to Java # Lisp Retrospective # Tutorial on Good Lisp Programming Style # Python Accumulation Displays (proposal) # Solving Every Sudoku Puzzle # How to Write a Spelling Corrector Other Programming Papers and Presentations On Chomsky and the Two Cultures of Statistical Learning #4 Teach Yourself Programming in 10 Years #7 Design Patterns in Dynamic Languages # Beal's Conjecture # # Finding and Reusing Programmer's Work # # Adaptive Software NASA Mars Program Reports # NASA Project Management Report # Mars Climate Orbiter Failure Report # NASA Computational Sciences Non-Computer Science Essays Dance Photography (see also Galapagos Photography # Reply to Nate Silver's Jungle Primary Post # All we want are the facts, ma'am Fact-checking and The End of Science # Reporters and Parrots # The Global Climate Change Consensus: My Experiment # 2012 US Presidential Election FAQ # Warning Signs in Experimental Design and Interpretation # Evaluating Extraordinary Claims: Mind Over Matter? Peter Norvig peter@norvig.com Logs : 2012 all-time photos Quantcast Alexa ( comments on A top 100,000 site 
 H. Altay Gvenir Professor, Chairman Department of Computer Engineering Bilkent University Ankara TURKEY Email: Phone: +90 (312) 290 1252 Fax: +90 (312) 266 4047 Research interests: Research: Publications Projects FunApp Repository Software ML Group Teaching: Courses Schedule Theses Supervised Professional: Activities Editorship Vita BilTerim: Bilişim Terimleri Yaşayan Sözlüğü 
 Search FOI.se Our Knowledge Our Services Customer Partners About FOI Start Our Knowledge Decision support systems and information fusion Decision support systems and information fusion Reports and publications Man, Technology, Organisation, MTO Modelling and simulation Projects Demonstrations Group members Simulation and Distributed Systems Decision support, knowledge management and information fusion The research work covers both technology and methods and bridges the divide between purely technical research and, for example, sensor and communications systems and human decision-making. The ultimate aim is to develop improved command and control capabilities, primarily in the defence environment but not only here. Our particular strength lies in our ability, in concert with others, to take an overall perspective in the development of support tools for command and control and for decision-making processes in complex environments. Our customers include the Swedish Armed Forces and the EU but also Vinnova and the Swedish Environmental Protection Agency. The research is conducted mainly in two main areas: Decision support, knowledge management and information fusion, and Simulation and Distributed Systems Share this page: Contact Lars Lindberg Head of Department FOI, Swedish Defence Research Agency FOI Swedish Defence Research Agency SE-164 90 Stockholm Phone +46 8 555 030 00 Fax +46 8 555 031 00 Follow us in social media About the website About cookies Locations Grindsjön Stockholm (Kista) Linköping Umeå 
 Frank van Harmelen Research How to reach me Personal Brief CV Diary for this week Science Cartoons Popularising My Twitter Stream Daily Dilberts I CS Department of the VU University Amsterdam Knowledge Representation and Reasoning group My Twitter stream Twitter-stream searchable archive of all my Semantic Web tweets Microsoft Academic ranks me . See my publication page or my profile on The Network Institute Facebook network , in two different formats. LinkedIn network . AuthorMapper.com View FrankVanHarmele 's profile on TweepsMap Brief CV Frank van Harmelen SWI CommonKADS . He was one of the co-designers of the LarKC project http://www.larkc.eu Approximate reasoning Semantic Web Medical Protocols meta-level inference knowledge-based systems the Semantic Web on-line How to reach me Diary for this week Frank.van.Harmelen@cs.vu.nl (+31) - 20 - 598 7731 (+31) - 84 - 221 4294 
 Agent Systems Research Group Faculty of Sciences Jan Treur South North Shelter Overall Contents Programme Committee and Editorial Board Memberships Research interests Projects Publications and papers Bachelor Programmes, Master Programmes and Teaching Current Ph.D. students and supervised Ph.D. Theses How to reach me Current and Recent Involvements in Conferences as Programme Committee Member, Chair or Keynote Speaker Third International Workshop on Intelligent Agent Technology, Power Systems and Energy Markets ( IATEM'14 First International Conference on Technologies and Materials for Renewable Energy, Environment and Sustainability ( MREES'14 ) International Workshop on Multi-Agent based Applications for Smart Grids and Sustainable Energy Systems ( MASGES'14 First International Conference on Sustainable Design and Manufacturing ( SDM'14 ) Annual International Congress on Energy Efficiency and Energy Related Materials ( ENEFM'13 19th, 20th, 21th European Conference on Artificial Intelligence ( ECAI'10 , ECAI'12 , ECAI'14 ) Fourth, Fifth, Sixth International Conference on Social Computing ( SocialCom'12 SocialCom'13 SocialCom'14 ) 11th, 12th, 13th, 14th International Conference on Intelligent Agent Technology ( IAT'11 , IAT'12 , IAT'13 , IAT'14 ) Third, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth International Conference on Computational Collective Intelligence ( ICCCI'11 , ICCCI'12 , ICCCI'13 , ICCCI'14 ) 13th International Conference on Intelligent Agent Technology (PC co-chair) ( IAT'13 ) 26th International Conference on Industrial, Engineering and Other Applications of Applied Intelligent Systems (PC co-chair) ( IEA/AIE'13 Fourth International Conference on Biologically Inspired Cognitive Architectures ( BICA'13 ) 23th International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence ( IJCAI'13 Second, Third International Conference on Biologically Inspired Cognitive Architectures ( BICA'11 , BICA'12 ) HAI'07 , HAI'08 , HAI'09 , HAI'10 , HAI'11 , HAI'12 AmI'07 , AmI'12 IAT'08 , IAT'09 , IAT'10 , IAT'11 31th, 32th, 33th, 34th Annual Conference of the Cognitive Science Society ( CogSci'09 , CogSci'10 , CogSci'11 , CogSci'12 ) Modeling and Support of Cognitive and Affective Human Processes IEA/AIE'11 , DCC06 DCC08 , DCC10 , DCC'12) AAMAS08 , AAMAS09 , AAMAS10 , AAMAS11 , AAMAS12, AAMAS13 Third, Fourth International Conference on Affective Computing and Intelligent Interaction ( ACII'09 , ACII'11 ) AAAI'10 , AAAI'11 IWINAC'07 , IWINAC'09 , IWINAC'11 ) Editorial Board Memberships Biologically Inspired Cognitive Architectures Transactions on Computational Collective Intelligence (TCCI) International Journal of Agent-Oriented Software Engineering (IJAOSE) Multiagent and Grid Systems: an International Journal (MAGS) International Journal of Intelligent Information and Database Systems (IJIIDS) Vietnam Journal of Computer Science Data and Knowledge Engineering Journal (DKE) Research interests EU Projects Adaptive Ambient Empowerment of the Elderly (A˛E˛) Funded by different national funding agencies: NWO-ZonMw (Netherlands), Research Council of Norway, Tekes (Finland). Virtual Coach Reaches Out To Me (V2me) Funded by different national funding agencies: NWO-ZonMw (Netherlands), Research Council of Norway, Tekes (Finland), National Research Fund (Luxemburg), VDI/VDE-IT (Germany), Austrian Research Promotion Agency. ICT4Depression Funded by the EU under the 7th Framework Programme. SOCIONICAL Funded by the EU under the 7th Framework Programme. MAREA Funded by the EU and Eurocontrol as part of the SESAR WP E Long Term and Innovative Research Programme. Interlevel Relations between Models within Air Traffic Management (ATM) Funded by the European Complex World Network and in collaboration with NLR. National Projects Health-Lab Funded by the national funding agency AgentschapNL Funded by the national NWO Brain and Cognition Programme and in collaboration with NSCR. Intelligent Support for Chronic Patients Funded by the national NWO-ZonMw Diseasemanagement programme and in collaboration with VUmc and EMGO. Smart Bandits Funded by Royal Dutch Airforce and in collaboration with NLR. Active2Gether Funded by the national NWO-STW-Philips partnership and in collaboration with VUmc and EMGO. Bachelor Programmes Lifestyle Informatics: van mensenkennis naar een begrijpende omgeving Powerpointfilmpje met voorbeelden Wat achtergrondinformatie over het vakgebied Lifestyle Informatics Lifestyle Informatics Two-Year Master Programmes Human Ambience Cognitive Science . Knowledge Technology and Intelligent Internet Applications . Computational Intelligence and Self-Organisation . Other Master Programmes . Teaching Current Ph.D. students Arjen Brandenburgh Ward van Breda Rob Duell Wim van der Ham Jeroen de Man Adnan Manzoor Anouk Middelweerd Lisette Moeskops Nataliya Mogles Julienka Mollee Seyed Amin Tabatabaei Dilhan Thilakarathne Arlette van Wissen Supervised Ph.D. Theses Robbert-Jan Merk , Making Enemies: Cognitive Modelling for Opponent Agents in Fighter Pilot Simulators. Ph.D. Thesis. Supervisor: J. Treur. Co-supervisors: T. Bosse, M. Hoogendoorn, J.J. Roessingh. VU University Amsterdam, Agent Systems Research Group, 2013, pp. 231. Both, F. , Helping People by Understanding Them: Ambient Agents Supporting Task Execution and Depression Treatment. Ph.D. Thesis. Supervisors: W.J.M.J. Cuijpers, J. Treur. Co-supervisor: M. Hoogendoorn. VU University Amsterdam, Agent Systems Research Group, 2012, pp. 284. Wal, C.N. van der Lambalgen, R.M. van , When the Going Gets Tough: Exploring Agent-based Models of Human Performance under Demanding Conditions. Ph.D. Thesis. Supervisor: J. Treur. Co-supervisor: M. Hoogendoorn. VU University Amsterdam, Agent Systems Research Group, 2012, pp. 330. Umair, M. , Adaptivity, Emotion, and Rationality in Human and Ambient Agent Models . Ph.D. Thesis. Supervisor: J. Treur. Co-supervisors: T. Bosse, M. Hoogendoorn. VU University Amsterdam, Agent Systems Research Group, 2012, pp. 292. Aziz, A.A. , Exploring Computational Models for Intelligent Support of Persons with Depression . Ph.D. Thesis. Supervisor: J. Treur. Co-supervisor: M.C.A. Klein. VU University Amsterdam, Agent Systems Research Group, 2011, pp. 265. Pontier, M. , Virtual Agents for Human Communication: Emotion Regulation and Involvement-Distance Trade-Offs in Embodied Conversational Agents and Robots. Ph.D. Thesis. Supervisors: E. Konijn, J. Treur. Co-supervisors: T. Bosse, J. Hoorn. VU University Amsterdam, Faculty of Social Sciences, 2011. Jaffry, S.W. , Analysis and Validation of Models for Trust Dynamics . Ph.D. Thesis. Supervisor: J. Treur. Co-supervisor: M. Hoogendoorn. VU University Amsterdam, Agent Systems Research Group, 2011, pp. 390. Maanen, P.P. van , Adaptive Support for Human-Computer Teams: Exploring the Use of Cognitive Models of Trust and Attention. Ph.D. Thesis. Supervisor: J. Treur. Co-supervisor: T. Bosse. VU University Amsterdam, Agent Systems Research Group, 2010, pp. 258. Siddiqui, G.F. , Integrative Modeling of Emotions in Virtual Agents. Ph.D. Thesis. Supervisor: J. Treur. Co-supervisors: T. Bosse, J. Hoorn. VU University Amsterdam, Agent Systems Research Group, 2010, pp. 257. Memon, Z.A. , Modelling Human-Awareness for Ambient Agents: a Human Mindreading Perspective Gerritsen, C.S. Heuvelink, A. Sharpanskykh, A. , On Computer-Aided Methods for Modeling and Analysis of Organizations Hoogendoorn, M. , Modeling of Change in Multi-Agent Organizations Bosse, T. , Analysis of the Dynamics of Cognitive Processes Langen, P.H.G. van , The Anatomy of Design: Foundations, Models and Applications. Ph.D. Thesis. Supervisors: F.M.T. Brazier, J. Treur. VU University Amsterdam, Agent Systems Research Group, 2002, pp. 550. Vries, W. de , Agent Interaction: Abstract Approaches to Modelling, Programming and Verifying Multi-Agent Systems. Ph.D. Thesis. Supervisors: J.-J. Chr. Meyer, J. Treur. Co-supervisors: F. de Boer, W. van der Hoek, C.M. Jonker. Utrecht University, Institute of Information and Computing Sciences, 2002, pp. 336. Wijngaards, W.C.A. , Agent-Based Modelling of Dynamics: Biological and Organisational Applications. Ph.D. Thesis. Supervisor: J. Treur. Co-supervisor: C.M. Jonker. VU University Amsterdam, Agent Systems Research Group, 2002, pp. 384. Eck, P.A.T. van , A Compositional Semantic Structure for Multi-Agent Systems Dynamics . Ph.D. Thesis. Supervisors: F.M.T. Brazier, J. Treur. VU University Amsterdam, Agent Systems Research Group, 2001, pp. 393. Wijngaards, N.J.E. , Re-design of Compositional Systems . Ph.D. Thesis. Supervisor: J. Treur. Co-supervisor: F.M.T. Brazier. VU University Amsterdam, Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, 1999, pp. 256. Sloof, M. , Physiology of Quality Change Modelling: Automated Modelling of Quality Change of Agricultural Products . Ph.D. Thesis. Supervisor: J. Treur. Co-supervisor: M. Willems. VU University Amsterdam, Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, 1999, pp. 167. Engelfriet, J. , The Dynamics of Reasoning . Ph.D. Thesis. Supervisor: J. Treur. VU University Amsterdam, Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, 1999, pp. 323. Lucas, P.J.F. , Structures in Diagnosis: from Theory to Medical Application. Ph.D. Thesis. Supervisor: J. Treur. Co-supervisors: F.M.T. Brazier, F. van Harmelen. VU University Amsterdam, Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, 1996, pp. 270. Walker, R. , An Expert System Architecture for Heterogeneous Domains: a Case-Study in the Legal Field. Ph.D. Thesis. Supervisor: J. Treur. Co-supervisor: A. Oskamp. VU University Amsterdam, Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, 1992, pp. 385. Veerkamp, P.J. , On the Development of an Artifact and Design Description Language. Ph.D. Thesis. Supervisor: J. Treur. Co-supervisor: F. Arbab. VU University Amsterdam, Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, 1992, pp. 227. Tan, Y.H. , Non-Monotonic Reasoning: Logical Architecture and Philosophical Applications. Ph.D. Thesis. Supervisors: J.F.A.K. van Benthem, J. Treur. VU University Amsterdam, Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, 1992, pp. 198. Jonker, W. How to reach me Postal address Visit Phone +31 20 598 7763 +31 615028916 +31 20 598 7718 +31 20 598 7653 Internet treur@few.vu.nl http://www.few.vu.nl/~treur Nov 26, 2011; treur@cs.vu.nl 
 Knowledge Systems, Artificial Intelligence Laboratory 
 Paolo Frasconi Home Research Books Publications Service Teaching Contacts Paolo Frasconi Artificial Intelligence Group DINFO Universit degli Studi di Firenze News ECML/PKDD 2013 Workshop on Languages for Data Mining and Machine Learning DINFO and on this page . Back to top Universit degli Studi di Firenze 
 My Home Page | Department of Computer Science | Faculty of Arts and Science | University of Toronto Fahiem Bacchus Professor of Computer Science, University of Toronto Sample navigation menu: Home | Research/Papers | Software | Teaching | Conferences Contact information fbacchus@cs.toronto.edu My Research TLPlan . Another example is my 2clseq SAT solver Design based on original by Andreas Viklund 
 Avrim Blum Professor of Computer Science Carnegie Mellon University Pittsburgh, PA 15213-3891 avrim at cs.cmu.edu Office: GHC 8111 Tel: (412) 268-6452 Fax: (412) 268-5576 Admin assist: Marilyn Walgora, GHC 8220, 268-3505 main research interests AI Planning COLT 2014 Indo-US Joint Center for Advanced Research in Machine Learning, Game Theory, and Optimization , but I am also affiliated with the CMU Machine Learning Department CS Theory Group Publications ALADDIN Research Interests ACO Program Home Page Survey Talks Theory Seminars Theory lunch ML lunch Courses Family pictures Other pictures My Startup Page short essay Jamie Morgenstern , Ankit Sharma , Carl Burch Adam Kalai John Langford Nikhil Bansal Martin Zinkevich Shuchi Chawla Brendan McMahan Nina Balcan Shobha Venkataraman Mugizi Robert Rwebangira Katrina Ligett Aaron Roth Or Sheffet Pranjal Awasthi Liu Yang 
 Herbert A. Simon http://www.psychologicalscience.org/observer/0401/simon.html http://www.post-gazette.com/obituaries/20010210simon2.asp http://www.umsl.edu/~sauter/DSS/10SIMON.html Psychology Research In research on scientific discovery Some Related Publications in Psychology: Cognition and Instruction Cognitive Science Cognitive Science Kaplan, C., Simon, H.A. (1990). In search of insight. Cognitive Science Psychological Review Psychological Science Cognitive Science To access Herb Simon's complete bibliography 1930-1950's, 1960's, 1970's, 1980's, 1990's, or 2000- To access biographical information click hasbio Home 
 www.aass.oru.se Alessandro Saffiotti F Cognitive Robotic Systems laboratory Applied Autonomous Sensor Systems rebro University here A portrait of the author... ...as a musician ...as a researcher ( my researcher ID Things I write Articles: complete list most recent ones Books: , my PhD thesis Software: Pulcinella Thinking Cap Things I teach Things I organize The Mobile Robotics lab The PEIS Ecology project The EuroN Interest Group on Cooperative Robotics Team Sweden The Fuzzy Logic in Autonomous Robotics A few conferences, workshops, and other events Places I surf when I feel... Pragmatical Mystical Traveling Italian A. Saffiotti Last updated: Feb 1, 2014 
 Holger's Home Page General Information Research Teaching Students and Collaborators Miscellanea Shortcuts: Publications Programming by Optimisation (PbO) SLS:FA CPSC 532H (Autumn 2013) BETA Lab UBC/CS 
 Skip to content Skip to main navigation Skip to 1st column Skip to 2nd column [ Christof Teuscher ] Assistant Professor, Portland State University, Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering Courtesy joint appointment, Portland State University, Department of Computer Science Courtesy joint appointment, Portland State University, Systems Science Graduate Program Assistant Adjunct Professor, University of New Mexico, Department of Computer Science News and Events Jan 29: Check out our latest paper: P. Banda, C. Teuscher, and D. Stefanovic, " Training an asymmetric signal perceptron through reinforcement in an artificial chemistry ," J. R. Soc. Interface April 6, 2014 11 93 20131100 ; 1742-5662, http://dx.doi.org/10.1098/rsif.2013.1100 H. Chung, C. Teuscher and P. Pande, Design and Evaluation of Technology-Agnostic Heterogeneous Networks-on-Chip , ACM Journal of Emerging Technologies, 2013. In press. J. Burger, C. Teuscher, and M. Perkowski, Digital Logic Synthesis for Memristors , Reed-Mueller Workshop 2013. In press. P. Banda, C. Teuscher and M. Lakin, Online Learning in a Chemical Perceptron , Artificial Life Journal, 19(2):195-219, 2013. http://www.mitpressjournals.org/doi/abs/10.1162/ARTL_a_00105 H. Chung and C. Teuscher. " Design and Analysis of Heterogeneous Nanoscale On-Chip Communication Networks ," Nano Communication Networks, 4(1):23-42, 2013. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.nancom.2012.12.002 D. Snyder, A. Goudarzi, and C. Teuscher. " Computational Capabilities of Random Automata Networks for Reservoir Computing ," Physical Review E, 2013. In press. http://arxiv.org/abs/1212.1744 Dec 1: H. Chung, A. P. Asnodkar, and C. Teuscher. A Structural Analysis of Evolved Complex Networks-on-Chip. 5th International Workshop on Network on Chip Architectures (NoCArc'12), pages 17-22, 2012. http://doi.acm.org/10.1145/2401716.2401721 Oct 30: P. Banda, C. Teuscher, M. Lakin, Online Learning in a Chemical Perceptron , Artificial Life. In press. Oct 26: Christof gave an invited talk at the "Turing under Discussion" workshop held at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (ETH), Oct 26-27, 2012, http://www.sslps.unibe.ch/meetings.html . The meeting was a contribution to the Turing Centenary celebrations . Oct 24: H. Chung, Anusha Asnodkar, and C. Teuscher. A Structural Analysis of Evolved Complex Networks-on-Chip. 5th International Workshop on Network on Chip Architectures (NoCArc'12), 2012. In press. Oct 18:  New openings (paid position): Passionate students interested in 3D FPGAs and Self-Assembly! Sep 12: Sep 12: Christof gave an invited plenary talk and led a plenary discussion session at the Frontiers in Natural Computing workshop in York, UK, Sep 10-12, 2012. The workshop aimed to highlight and discuss emerging trends and future directions in the field of natural computing, and featured invited position papers from world-leading researchers across the field. D. Synder, A. Goudarzi, C. Teuscher. Optimal Connectivities in Reservoir Computing with Binary Reservoirs . In Proceedings of the Thirteenth International Conference on the Simulation and Synthesis of Living Systems (Alife'13) , MIT Press, pp 259-266, 2012. http://dx.doi.org/10.7551/978-0-262-31050-5-ch035 Mar 22: Our latest paper is out! A. Gourdarzi, C. Teuscher, N. Guhlbace, and T. Rohlf, Emergent Criticality through Adaptive Information Processing in Boolean Networks , Physical Review Letters , 108(12):128702, 2012, http://link.aps.org/doi/10.1103/PhysRevLett.108.128702 Mar 14-15: Christof Teuscher gave a presentation entitled " From Intrinsic to Designed Computation: Computing Beyond the Boolean and CMOS World " at the DARPA/MTO Unconventional Computing Systems for Real-Time Sensor Data Analysis Workshop. Jan 6: tlab graduate students Alireza Goudarzi and Manjari Kulkarni, have both been awarded a Sigma Xi Grant-in-Aid of Research ( GIAR ) for their research projects entitled "On the Effects of Heterogeneity in Dynamical Networks" and "Memristor-based Reservoir Computing: A New Computing Paradigm." Dec 10: S. Deb, K. Chang, A. Ganguly, X. Yu, P. Pande, C. Teuscher, D. Heo, and B. Belzer. Design of an efficient NoC architecture using millimeter-wave wireless links . In Proceedings of the The International Symposium on Quality Electronic Design (ISQED). IEEE Press, 2012. In press. Oct 27: Christof Teuscher gave a presentation at the UNM CS Colloquium . Title: "From Intrinsic to Designed Computation" Oct 18: Christof Teuscher gave a keynote presentation at Computing 2011 . Title: "A modern perspective on Alan Turing's Unorganized Machines." Alireza Goudrarzi, "On the Effect of Topology on Learning and Generalization in Random Automata Networks." Avinash Amarnath, "A Self-Reconfigurable Architecture on an Irregular Reconfigurable Fabric." Apr 21: Latest paper: Alireza Goudarzi, Christof Teuscher, Natali Gulbahce, Thimo Rohlf, Emergent Criticality Through Adaptive Information Processing in Boolean Networks , http://arxiv.org/abs/1104.4141 , 2011. Apr 11: Five teuscher.:Lab students participated in the 2011 Sigma Xi Student Research Symposium . Congrats Peter and Gabe for the awards! Check out the photos . Apr 10: Accepted paper: A. Amarnath and C. Teuscher. A Self-Configurable Computing Architecture for Unstructured and Unknown Reconfigurable Fabrics . NASA/ESA Conference on Adaptive Hardware and Systems ( AHS-2011 ). Apr 4: teuscher.:Lab student Arpita Sinha featured on EEWeb . Mar 17: New publication: P. Xu, S.-H. Jeon, H. Chen, H. Luo, G. Zou, Q. Jia, M. Anghel, C. Teuscher, D. Williams, B. Zhang, X. Han, and H.-L. Wang. Facile synthesis and electrical properties of silver wires through chemical reduction by polyaniline . The Journal of Physical Chemistry C, 114(50):22147–22154, 2010. [ ] Mar 12: Dr. Teuscher becomes a IEEE Senior Member .  Senior Member is the highest grade for which IEEE members can apply. Only 8% of IEEE's approximately 400,000 members hold this grade. Books   Home Publications Research teuscher.:Lab Teaching CV Awards Media Presence Contact www.teuscher.ch/christof | www.teuscher-lab.com 
 L. Karl Branting Home Research Education and Experience Music, Writing, Family L. Karl Branting Principal Artificial Intelligence Engineer, Information Discovery andUnderstanding Department, The MITRE Corporation. CONTACT: kbranting [at] gmail.com (Personal) lbranting [at] mitre.org (Work) 
 
