 Login Forgot Your Password? Home AboutCOE Learn About Us Board of Directors Committee Leaders Volunteer Today! Award Winners COE Acryonym Glossary COE Store Contact Us YearMembership Year-Round Member Benefits Join/Renew Membership Directory Vendor Directory Communities All Communities Education and Training Engineering Analysis and Simulation Industry Solutions Infrastructure, Dev, Deploy, Knowledge Manufacturing Product Definition Information Management Community Leaders Regional User Group (RUG) Communities EducationCollaboration Annual Conference and TechniFair Ask the Experts Webinars Discussion Forums Dassault Systemes Certification COE Shareware Library Education Archive Product Enhancement Request News COE NewsNet Newsletter Industry News COE News Calendar of Events SponsorshipAdvertising Sponsorship & Advertising Vendor Directory Our Partners & Resources COEForum COE 2014 Annual PLM Conference and TechniFair April 27-30, 2014 Anaheim, CA Have you decided which sessions you will be attending at this year's conference? Search them all here! Who We Are Why COE? Get Involved Join ACommunity COE is the only international professional organization uniting the users of Dassault Systmes software. Withthousands of users in hundreds of member companies, there is no better support community. Learn More! The COE Community is "Making it Work" througheducation, training, networkingand product influence resources available exclusively to COE members. Learn More! Enhance your career and make a difference in our industryby volunteering to buildCOE's year-round educational networking events, member publications, and product advocacy efforts. Learn More! COE helps you connect and collaborate with your peers that share your common interest. Educational and networking opportunities are delivered to you in a way that allows you to quickly connect with users like you. Learn More! Terms of Service - Privacy Policy - Contact 
 
 Select a country/region: United States IBM® Site map Search Dassault Systèmes and IBM partnership Now available on www.ibm.com IBM/Dassault Alliance web site IBM PLM solutions, professional services and hardware technologies IBM PLM Technical Support website Now available on www.3ds.com Application software: PLM V6 3DLive CATIA DELMIA ENOVIA SIMULIA Additional information About Dassault Systèmes PLM industries CAA Localized websites: Regional information at www.3ds.com We're here to help Questions? Contact an IBM-Dassault Systèmes specialist. E-mail IBM More information IBM PLM Technical Support Partner's website Dassault Systèmes Content navigation IBM and Dassault Systèmes Solutions Case studies Related links IBM Global Financing Learn more about PLM Smarter Systems Technical Computing IBM Global Services Contact Privacy Terms of use Accessibility 
 Home About CATIA About the Childress About the Course Internet-Based Training T estimonials Pricing Course Schedule Class Location Tutorials CATIA V5 FAQ Job Search Contact Info CATIA ® Practical Catia Training . INTRODUCTION Practical Catia Training Saturn Plymouth Prowler ) for the Saturn vehicle. , ProE Solid Solutions My family and I founded our Practical Catia Training Practical Catia Training practicalcatia.com Click here Practical Catia Training click here discounted click here Practical Catia Training page, as well as a . keith@practicalcatia.com . Thank you again for taking the time to visit our Sincerely, Practical Catia Training no 
 Welcome . . NEW PRODUCT - CADAM Drafting View was released on May 19, 2011. This is a 'view only' version of CADAM Drafting designed for those users who only need to view and print CADAM Drafting drawings. Click here for more information. This product can be purchased in The CADAM Store . IMPORTANT NOTE - IBM's License Use Management (LUM) tool will reach End of Support on December 31, 2013. In light of this, LUM is no longer supported as a licensing mechanism beginning with the CATIA V5-6 R2013 release. This includes CADAM Drafting V5-6 R2013. Customers currently using LUM are required to migrate to Dassault Systemes License Server (DSLS) when installing any new release or should consider migrating during 2013 if continuing to use V5R21 or V5-6 R2012. Click here for more information on migrating to DSLS. Dassault Systemes Home | Contact Us Copyright 2012 Dassault Systemes Americas Corp. 
 Sorry, an error occurred while loading the content. Home Mail News Sports Finance Weather Games Groups Answers Screen Flickr Mobile More Celebrity Shine Movies Music TV Health Shopping Travel Autos Homes Yahoo! Groups Search Groups Search Web Sign In Mail Help Account Info Help Suggestions Yahoo Welcome to Yahoo Groups. An extension to your real life group of friends, interests and communities. see video Sign In OR Start a New Group You must be a registered Yahoo user to start a group. Sign Up Featured Groups Business & Finance Computers & Internet Cultures & Community Entertainment & Arts Family & Home Games Government & Politics Health & Wellness Hobbies & Crafts Music Recreation & Sports Regional Religion & Beliefs Romance & Relationships Schools & Education Science Terms Privacy Guidelines Feedback Help Blog Catia V5 Public Group, 2730 members Conversations Photos Files Attachments Events Polls Links Database More About Help Attachments Events Polls Links Database Edit Membership Back About Group Catia V5 : An Catia resources including solid model library listings at: - CATIA and FEA Training Manuals - The intent of this message board is to help CATIA users NOT approved: bpCAD for more engineering resources! Group Website http://www.bpcad.com/ Category Science/Engineering This is a public group. Attachments are not permitted. Members cannot hide email address. Listed in Yahoo Groups directory. Membership does not require approval. Messages from new members require approval. All members can post messages. Post Message: catiav5@yahoogroups.com Subscribe: catiav5-subscribe@yahoogroups.com Unsubscribe: catiav5-unsubscribe@yahoogroups.com List Owner: catiav5-owner@yahoogroups.com Message History 
 CATIA Tutor Support Ticket Home Sample Videos Getting Started Preparing CATIA V5 Sketcher Terminology Positioned Sketch Surface Design Browse Library Getting Started Getting Started Preparing CATIA V5 Sketcher Sketcher Terminology Positioned Sketch Profile creation tools Sketcher Constraints Operations on profiles Advanced options. Part Design Sketch based features Dressup Features Transformation Features Wireframe Design Reference Elements Wireframe Design Help Video Lessons Buy Now! Skip to content Sample Video Tutorials Surface Creation (Part -... 91321 Views Positioned sketch 229114 Views Sketcher terminology 24381 Views Preparing CATIA for our... 38027 Views Getting started 36266 Views More Videos Your Best way to Learn CATIA V5. Check out our free Video lessons. Whats New? Design Table Basics Interactive Video: Read more... In this Video training lesson You will learn Swept surfaces (Part-2). Positioning parameters. First sweep plane. Profile plane. Effect of anchor elements. Click Here to download Surface creation (Part-5) Video tutorial.   Read more... Page 1 of 3 Start Prev 1 2 3 Next End By PLAVEB Login Username Password Remember Me About Home Sitemap Contact Us FAQ CATIA forum Sales Policies Links Search Web catiatutor.com Translate CATIA Articles CATIA Automation Basic Concepts of CAA V5 Advanced topics of CAA V5 CATIA Handbook Sketcher Part Design Surface Design Assembly Desgn Drafting CLASS A Tips And Tricks Tips and Tricks Tips and Tricks DMU V5 DMU Your Best Way to Learn CATIA V5! Welcome to CATIA Tutor Assembly Design Assembly Design Follow me on Twitter Getting started Getting started Preparing CATIA V5 Sketcher sketcher terminology Positioned Sketch Profile Creation Sketcher Constraints Operations on Profiles. Advanced options. Best Practices Part Design Sketch Based Features Dressup Features Surface Based Features Transformation Features Boolean operations Exercises Advanced Tools Hybrid to Nonhybrid Wireframe Design Reference Elements Wireframe Design Surface Design Surface Concepts Surface Creation Operations on Surfaces Surface Design Specialist Drafting Drawing Basics YOU ARE HERE: Home Back to Top Skip to content Latest Popular Powered By T3 Framework 
 It looks like you're on a slow connection. We've disabled some images to speed things up. We can't sign you in :-( Your browser is currently set to block JavaScript. You need to allow JavaScript to use this service. To learn how to allow JavaScript or to find out whether your browser supports JavaScript, check the online help in your web browser. Organizational accounts that work here can be used anywhere you see this icon. © 2014 Microsoft We can't sign you in :-( Your browser is currently set to block cookies. You need to allow cookies to use this service. Cookies are small text files stored on your computer that tell us when you're signed in. To learn how to allow cookies, check the online help in your web browser. Sign in with your organizational account Type the email address of the account you want to sign in with. We're having trouble locating your account. Which type of account do you want to use? Sign in to Office 365 Which type of account do you want to sign in with? We don't recognize this user ID or password Make sure you typed the user ID assigned to you by your organization. It usually looks like someone@example.com or someone@example.onmicrosoft.com. And check to make sure you typed the correct password. This doesn't look like a valid user ID Make sure you typed the user ID assigned to you by your organization. It usually looks like someone@example.com or someone@example.onmicrosoft.com. We don't recognize this domain name Make sure you typed your organization's domain name correctly. It usually looks like @example.com or @example.onmicrosoft.com. We don't recognize this domain name Make sure you typed your organization's domain name correctly. It usually looks like @example.com or @example.onmicrosoft.com. You might also want to sign in with a Microsoft account. Please enter your password. To sign in, start by entering a user ID. Check the email address you entered. You may have mistyped it. We couldn't find an account with that email address. Enter a different email address or get a new Microsoft account . User account Looking for an account Cancel Redirecting Password We‘re taking you to your organization's sign-in page. Cancel Keep me signed in Sign in Can’t access your account? Don’t have an account assigned by your organization? Sign in with a Microsoft account Organizational accounts that work here can be used anywhere you see this icon. © 2014 Microsoft 
 Login Register Home Products Academic V6 PLM CATIA Design Advance CATIA Design Master CATIA Systems Advance CATIA Systems Master DELMIA Manufacturing Advance DELMIA Manufacturing Master ENOVIA Master PLM Discover Academic V5 PLM CATIA V5 DELMIA V5 SHaPE Curriculum Textbooks User Companion Support V6 Hosted Solutions LUM Videos Contact Us News About Us Search Here: Quick Links DotNetNuke Project Downloads Customer Stories The World’s Most Powerful Engineering Software - Specially Priced for Educators ENGINEERING.com is the worlds leading provider of CATIA , DELMIA , SIMULIA and ENOVIA Academic licenses, installation, textbooks and support. With the introduction of Dassault Systmes new V6 3DEXPERIENCE Platform, todays digitally native students can interact and learn like never before: socially, collaboratively and intellectually. About Us Privacy Statement Terms Of Use Home | Products | Support | Videos | Contact Us | News Copyright 2013 - ENGINEERING.com CATIA Education Centre 
 CATIA V5 Automation Increase your CATIA programming skills today! Home About LearningSeries Learning SeriesContent Downloads Selected Object Info(Macro) Interactive Selections Using a Form(VBA) Contact Update: Download links have beenfixed March 6, 2012 1 comment Today, the links to the downloads were switched to a new host because of some problems with the previous service that was used. If you tried downloading these files and experienced problems, please try again now. Sorry for any inconvenience this may have caused. You must be a subscriber in order to access the downloads and learning series content. To sign up now, click here . Measuring Mass andInertia October 27, 2010 24 comments You have probably used the Inertia measure function in CATIA to get mass and inertia measures but did you know that you can automate those measurements as well?  The inertia object that you may use in your programs works just like the interactive command and provides all the same capabilities you are used to.  In this article, I will show how to program with the inertia object and as usual I will provide sample code and some handy reusable functions. Read more Executing CATIA scripts in batchmode September 26, 2010 20 comments I got the idea for this article from a reader of this blog.  He sent me an email asking what would be the best way to extract some information from thousands of drawings in an automated way.  That information in his scenario is the value of a handful of parameters that are attached to the root drawing node in each drawing.  I recommended to execute a script in batch mode that would open each drawing one by one and read those parameter values and write the data to a text file. In our email exchanges, we both agreed that this seemed like a great topic to share with everyone for a few reasons.  First, this is a relatively common scenario so many people could benefit by sharing the code that opens the drawings and writes out the parameter values.  Also, I have a feeling that many have never run a script in batch mode so this article might unlock some new capabilities.  So in this article, I will discuss the basics of running a batch and share the code we developed and tested. Read more (Announcement) New Learning Series topic added today Loops September 2, 2010 Leave a comment Just a quick announcement that I added a new topic to the learning series today discussing loops.  This topic discusses important techniques for using loops and includes many example code snippets that you can run in CATIA to practice and better understand the concepts.  Check it out! Understanding the Visual Basic language Loops New topic added today For more information, visit the Learning Series page. Working with restrictedinterfaces July 29, 2010 8 comments Often times when coding in VBA, you may get an error message that says, “Function or interface marked as restricted, or the function uses an Automation type not supported in Visual Basic.”  In this article, I will explain the reason for this error and present a good strategy to deal with it. Read more Ten compelling reasons to develop your code inVBA July 10, 2010 10 comments There certainly are many choices for code development tools at your disposal out there.  Visual Basic is the most popular language for CATIA automation programming but it has many flavors such as VBScript, VBA, VB6 and VB.NET and each has its own development environment / editing tools.  I use all of these tools at different times depending on the requirements of the project I am developing.  However, I find that I almost always tend to do a lot of the code development in VBA even if the final code ends up in a different environment such as VB.NET. While I have found VBA to be a very efficient tool to develop my code, I have noticed that a lot of people are still developing their programs as scripts in the macro editor that is built into CATIA or some other form of simple text editor.  While this works well enough for a very short and sweet macro, as the length and complexity of your program grows, these tools really become terribly inefficient.  In this article, I am going to going to point out some features that I find very useful in the CATIA VBA editor and that I think will make your life a whole lot easier if you are one of those people who still spends most of their time in the CATIA macro editor.  Even if you are already familiar with VBA, skim through and maybe you can pick up a few tricks. Read more (Announcement) New Learning Series topic added today Arrays June 24, 2010 Leave a comment Just a quick announcement that I added a new topic to the learning series today discussing arrays.  Check it out! Understanding the Visual Basic language Arrays New topic added today General programming principles Understanding the CATIA object model For more information, visit the Learning Series page. Older Entries RSS feed Disclaimer The opinions expressed in this blog are solely those of the author and do not reflect in any way those of the author's employer. All sample code is provided on an "as is" basis, without warranty of any kind. Not liable for any damages or costs of any type arising out of any action taken by you or others related to the sample code. Email Subscription Click to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Subscribers also gain access to the Downloads area and the Learning Series. Sign me up! Topic Categories General Programming Technique Theory Quick Tips System The CATIA Object Model The Visual Basic Language User Forms Most Popular Tags ActiveDocument batch Catalog center of gravity Code Organization Common Dialogs Compiler Custom Classes Debugging Declaring variables Deleting density Disassemble Download drawing errors Files Forms Formulas Geometry Types GetNameToUseInRelation HybridShapeFactory inertia Intellisense License Macro Library mass Measure Module Object Browser Parameters Parameter Sets Parent Part performance Product Quick Info Recording Recursion Relations Rules Select Case Selection StartCommand SubList SystemService text file Toolbar TypeName UserForm VBA WinAPI Archives March 2012 October 2010 September 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 Take Our Poll Take Our Poll Top Blog at WordPress.com . The INove Theme .  Blog at WordPress.com . The INove Theme Follow Follow CATIA V5 Automation Get every new post delivered to your Inbox. Join 125 other followers Powered by WordPress.com Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to Cancel 
