 Webinar: Achieving Customer-Excellence With ACM and Goal-driven BPM LSPS approved by One-VA TRM More news.. Business Solutions Banking Portfolio Management Client Onboarding Cost Assessment Credit and Debit Card Dispute Resolution Insurance Automotive Insurance Reinsurance Manufacturing Agile Change Management Energy Energy Trading Telecommunications Mobile Broadband App Domain Independent Goal-Driven CRM Resource Planning Products Intelligent BPMS Why Choose LSPS LSPS Design Suite Process Modeling Process Automation Process Analytics Process Optimization LSPS Deployment LSPS Mobile Adaptive Logistics Optimized Planning Transportation Management Industrial Control Mobile Broadband Connection Manager Windows 8 Connectivity Seamless Connectivity Seamless Authentication Services Consulting Customization & Integration Outsourced Development Training & Support Relationships Customers Partners Resources Document Library Ovum Technology Audit MWD Advisors 'On the Radar' Gartner Magic Quadrant Gartner Cool Vendor Forrester Dynamic Case Management Wave Webinars Goal-Oriented BPM Whitepaper Agile Change Management Whitepaper Green Transportation Whitepaper LSPS Analyst Reports Gartner iBPMS Magic Quadrant 2012 Support LSPS Support Forum News Webinar: Achieving Customer-Excellence With ACM and Goal-driven BPM Webinar: Collaborative Case Management with Goal-Oriented Process Intelligence LSPS approved by One-VA TRM LSPS 2.7 Released Exclusive Partnership With Living Systems Technologies New Video: Goals in the Process Continuum New Mobile Broadband Windows Store App Whitestein COO to speak at bpmNEXT 2013 Goal-Driven CRM Product Release PEX Week BPM Project Finalist Process Excellence Webinar Gartner iBPMS Magic Quadrant 2012 Expersoft PM1 Embeds LSPS Engine LSPS 2.6 Released Modus21 Partnership About Whitestein Contact Us Our Offering Technology Management Employment Technical BPM Consultant BPM Process Engineer Web Front-End Engineer / Architect Business Locations Switzerland Germany Hong Kong Luxembourg Slovak Republic United States & Canada Insurance Risk Management Automate critical risk evaluation processes Click here for more info! Insurance Claims Management Automate insurance claims adjustment processes Click here for more info! Agile Change Management Build in agility to Product Lifecycle processes to ensure change is immediate and efficient Click here for more info! Goal-Driven CRM Bring your customer data to life and ensure no potential value lies undiscovered Click here for more info! Commodity Trade Office Management Trade capture, and mid-back office workflow automation for small midsize commodity trading firms Click here for more info! Portfolio Management Portfolio and wealth management processes for banks, asset managers, and family offices Click here for more info! Customer Onboarding Agile custom workflow with integrated compliance and risk management Click here for more info! intelligent s oftware for intelligent business operations Services Mobile Broadband Intelligent BPMS Adaptive Logistics Services Mobile Broadband Intelligent BPMS Adaptive Logistics Living Process Change Never switch off your processes Unplanned events occur all the time. LSPS can adapt executing processes at any time to integrate new data, resolve conflicts, and build alternate, optimized workflow paths. More information Customer Onboarding Automate your onboarding process Streamline and expedite customer onboarding by automating the entire process, from gathering customer data, to validating compliance and approving account opening. More information OEM Customer Case Expersoft PM1 Powered By LSPS The PM1 Portfolio Management System used by major global banks and asset management firms embeds the LSPS process engine to enable client-onboarding, ordering, and more. More information Radically optimize your business operations Across our product line, the common denominator is an intelligent software core that seeks paths to improve operational efficiency throughout your value chains, resulting in better performance, lower costs, and the agility to deliver results to your customers in real-time. Whether your domain is financial services, manufacturing, telecommunications, logistics, or public sector, our software will transform your business into a profoundly more competitive vehicle for delivering value to your customers. Keep me informed! Sign up for our email newsletter * * Contact Us to discuss our capabilities and your needs. Today . 2014 Whitestein Technologies. All Rights Reserved.     Login . 
