 Advanced search Follow us: Help & Contact Journals books Journals By title By subject By editor Open access journals Society journals Find a journal to publish in Subscription Price list Books By title By author By subject By publication date Book types Major reference works Multi volumes Desk copies Book series Related topics Permission to re-use content Display advertising reprints Online tools All Clinics Online Clinical Pharmacology ClinicalKey CPM CarePoints CPM Guidelines CPMRC DirectCourse Elsevier BioSource Elsevier Performance Manager Embase EnCompass Engineering Village Evolve Hub ExitCare First Consult FormChecker Geofacets Gold Standard Drug Database illumin8 InOrder by Elsevier Journals Consult Knovel MD Consult MEDalternatives MEDcounselor Mendeley Mosby's eLearning Mosby's Index Mosby’s Nursing Consult Mosby's Skills Pathway Studio PharmaPendium Predictive Acquisition Cost Procedures Consult ProspectoRx QUOSA Reaxys Revenue Cycle eLearning RxPrice Verify ScienceDirect SciVal Scopus ToxED Authors, editors reviewers Authors Journal authors’ home Book authors’ home Find a journal to publish in How to prepare your paper Submit paper Check status of submitted article Check status of accepted article Editors Editors’ home Journal marketing Editors’ Update Ethics for journal editors Reviewers Reviewers’ home Reviewers’ guidelines Reviewers’ workshops Reviewer feedback programme Early career researchers Early Career Resources home Training and workshops Guides and recommended reading Ethics About Elsevier Company info At a glance Elsevier locations Mission Senior management Experts Subject information Publishing guidelines Corporate responsibility Universal access Open access Company history Annual reports Conferences Exhibitions Content innovation Careers Social media Awards Press All press releases Corporate Health sciences Research journals Corporate responsibility Science technology Elsevier Newsroom Media contacts Community Elsevier Connect Elsevier Connect home Archive Videos Tutorials Corporate Relations Publishing Tips Research Matters Store Products Article Choice Books Journals Author Services Subjects Health Sciences Life Sciences Physical Sciences Social Sciences Industries Chemicals Electronic and Electrical Equipment Energy Materials and Mechanical Pharmaceutical and Biotechnology Special offers Over 18,000 eBooks now DRM-FREE More than 100 eBooks available for $1 Discrete Applied Mathematics THE JOURNAL OF COMBINATORIAL ALGORITHMS, INFORMATICS AND COMPUTATIONAL SCIENCES For more information on our journals visit: http://www.elsevier.com/mathematics The aim of Discrete Applied Mathematics is to bring together research papers in different areas of algorithmic and applicable discrete mathematics as well as applications of combinatorial mathematics to informatics and various areas of science and technology . Contributions presented to the journal can be research papers, short notes, surveys, and possibly research problems. The Communications section will be devoted to the fastest possible publication of the brief outlines of recent research results, the detailed presentation of which might be submitted for possible publication in Discrete Applied Mathematics or elsewhere. The journal will also publish a limited number of book announcements as well as proceedings of conferences. These proceedings will be fully refereed and adhere to the normal standards of the journal. Benefits to authors We also provide many author benefits, such as free PDFs, a liberal copyright policy, special discounts on Elsevier publications and much more. Please click here for more information on our author services . Please see our Guide for Authors for information on article submission. If you require any further information or help, please visit our support pages: http://support.elsevier.com View full aims and scope Editor-in-Chief: Endre Boros View full editorial board Guide for Authors Author instructions Useful links Download the ‘Author Information Pack’ PDF View ‘Guide for Authors’ online Read the ‘8 Reasons Why I Accepted Your Article’ blog Download the ‘Understanding the Publishing Process’ PDF Submit Your Paper Enter you login details for the Elsevier Editorial System (EES) below. If you do not already have an account you will need to register here . Username Password I forgot my password Register new account Track Your Paper Check submitted paper Track accepted paper Username Password I forgot my password Once your article has been accepted you will receive an email from Author Services. This email contains a link to check the status of your article. Track your accepted paper Order Journal View Articles Impact Factor: 0.718 Impact Factor: 2012: 0.718 © Thomson Reuters Journal Citation Reports 2013 5-Year Impact Factor: 0.802 Five-Year Impact Factor: 2012: 0.802 To calculate the five year Impact Factor, citations are counted in 2012 to the previous five years and divided by the source items published in the previous five years. © Journal Citation Reports 2013, Published by Thomson Reuters Imprint: NORTH-HOLLAND ISSN: 0166-218X Subscribe to RSS Announcements Free access to over 165,000 archived articles Most Downloaded Articles The most downloaded articles from Discrete Applied Mathematics in the last 90 days. 1. A set-covering based heuristic algorithm for the periodic vehicle routing problem V. Cacchiani | V.C. Hemmelmayr | ... 2. Bicolored graph partitioning, or: gerrymandering at its worst N. Apollonio | R.I. Becker | ... 3. A fast algorithm for the maximum clique problem Patric R.J. Östergård View All Recent Open Access Articles The latest Open Access articles published in Discrete Applied Mathematics. Exact algorithms and heuristics for the Quadratic Traveling Salesman Problem with an application in bioinformatics A. Fischer | F. Fischer | ... Single-peaked preferences over multidimensional binary alternatives Lindsey Brown | Hoang Ha | ... A set-covering based heuristic algorithm for the periodic vehicle routing problem V. Cacchiani | V.C. Hemmelmayr | ... View All Open Archive List of the recent articles made freely available as part of this journal’s open archive . All articles published after 48 months have unrestricted access and will remain permanently free to read and download. On island sequences of labelings with a condition at distance two Sarah Spence Adams | Alex Trazkovich | ... Transforms of pseudo-Boolean random variables Guoli Ding | R.F. Lax | ... Rainbow domination on trees Gerard J. Chang | Jiaojiao Wu | ... View All Most Cited Articles The most cited articles published since 2009, extracted from Scopus . Irreversible k-threshold processes: Graph-theoretical threshold models of the spread of disease and of opinion Dreyer Jr., P.A. | Roberts, F.S. Atom-bond connectivity index of trees Furtula, B. | Graovac, A. | ... The first and second Zagreb indices of some graph operations Khalifeh, M.H. | Yousefi-Azari, H. | ... View All Recent Articles Recently published articles from Discrete Applied Mathematics. XSAT and NAE-SAT of linear CNF classes Stefan Porschen | Tatjana Schmidt | ... Counting inequivalent monotone Boolean functions Tamon Stephen | Timothy Yusun Balanced Boolean functions with optimum algebraic degree, optimum algebraic immunity and very high nonlinearity Qichun Wang | Chik How Tan View All Publish your article Open Access in Discrete Applied Mathematics Journal Insights Find out more News STIX fonts now available for LaTeX We are a partner level sponsor of MathJax and recently integrated MathJax on ScienceDirect! Open Archive available View All Call for Papers Calls for Papers and Open Special Issues View All Special Issues Special issues published in Discrete Applied Mathematics. Order Now Fifth Workshop on Graph Classes, Optimization, and Width Parameters, Daejeon, Korea, October 2011 Volume 168 (2014) Order Now 10th Cologne/Twente Workshop on Graphs and Combinatorial Optimization (CTW 2011) Volume 165 (2014) Order Now Combinatorial Optimization Volume 164, Part 1 (2014) View All Policies and Guidelines Preparing Documents with LaTeX View All Share this page: Advertisement Readers View Articles Volume/ Issue Alert Authors Author Information Pack Submit Your Paper Track Your Paper Webshop Librarians Ordering Information and Dispatch Dates Abstracting/ Indexing Editors Publishing Ethics Resource Kit EES Support Reviewers Reviewer Guidelines Log in as Reviewer Advertisers/ Sponsors Advertisers Media Information Societies Industries Advertising Careers Feedback Site Map Elsevier Websites A Reed Elsevier Company Copyright Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms Conditions Cookies are set by this site. To decline them or learn more, visit our Cookies page. Email a Friend Complete the short form below to let your friends and colleagues know about this page. Don't worry, the details you provide on this page will not be used to send unsolicited e-mail. Find out more about our privacy policy . Your Name Your Email Friend's Name Friend's Email Thank you for recommending this page to a friend or colleague. Click here to close this dialogue box 
