 LS 8 General Research Teaching Staff Internal SFB876 German Suche Hauptnavigation General Research Teaching Staff News from the Artificial Intelligence Group machine learning NEM Position Paper of Big and Open Data "NEM position papers are documents giving the NEM Initiative view on any subject related to the networked electronic media area. The NEM position papers typically include: letters of advice to the Commission, formal opinions submitted to the Commissioner, submissions to regulatory bodies, or any other formal statement of this nature, as well as further views of the NEM community on various technological, societal, and policy issues related to NEM." Source: www.nem-initiative.org more... Many companies hope for big data Our students at LS 8 learn exactly what is in demand at many companies. more... Annually, the Faculty of Science at Leiden University, the Netherlands, grants the C.J. Kok Jury Award for the best PhD thesis of the past year. All institutes within the faculty (astronomy, physics, mathematics, computer science, chemistry, pharmacy, biology, and environmental sciences) are given the opportunity to nominate candidates for the award. Out of a pool of over 120 dissertations, the C.J. Kok Jury Award 2013 was won by Wouter Duivesteijn, with his thesis "Exceptional Model Mining". Notably, this is the first time ever that the award (existing since 1971) has been bestowed upon a computer scientist. Book Announcement: RapidMiner: Data Mining Use Cases and Business Analytics Applications The book "RapidMiner: Data Mining Use Cases and Business Analytics Applications" has been published on 6 November, 2013 by Chapman and Hall/CRC "In this book, case studies communicate how to analyze databases, text collections, and image data. How the given data are transformed to meet the requirements of the method is illustrated by screenshots of RapidMiner. The RapidMiner processes and datasets described in the case studies are published on the companion web page of this book. The inspiring applications may be used as a blueprint and a justification of future applications." From the Foreword by Professor Dr. Katharina Morik, Technical University of Dortmund more... The paper Spatio-Temporal Random Fields: Compressible Representation and Distributed Estimation by Nico Piatkowski, Sankyun Lee and Katharina Morik is the winner of this year's ECMLPKDD 2013 machine learning best student paper award. The ceremony took place on Monday, September 23rd, in Prague ( www.ecmlpkdd2013.org ). The article has been selected out of 182 papers for the journal publication. With an acceptance rate of 7% there were 14 accepted journal publications. 124 papers were selected out of 460 submissions for the proceedings (acceptance rate 26%). From 138 accepted submissions alltogether 4 won the award for best paper. The above article from Nico Piatkowski, Sankyun Lee und Katharina Morik is one of these. EDBT/ICDT 2014 Call for Workshops On the last day of EDBT/ICDT 2014, 28. March 2014, there are some workshops. More information about formatting guidelines and registration can be found here . Deadline: 7. December more... EDBT/ICDT 2014 Joint Conference: Call for papers The International Conference on Extending Database Technology is a leading international forum for database researchers, practitioners, developers, and users to discuss cutting-edge ideas, and to exchange techniques, tools, and experiences related to data management. Data management is an essential enabling technology for scientific, engineering, business, and social communities. Data management technology is driven by the requirements of applications across many scientific and business communities, and runs on diverse technical platforms associated with the web, enterprises, clouds and mobile devices. The database community has a continuing tradition of contributing with models, algorithms and architectures, to the set of tools and applications enabling day-to-day functioning of our societies. Faced with the broad challenges of today's applications, data management technology constantly broadens its reach, exploiting new hardware and software to achieve innovative results. EDBT 2014 invites submissions of original research contributions, as well as descriptions of industrial and application achievements, and proposals for tutorials and software demonstrations. We encourage submissions relating to all aspects of data management defined broadly, and particularly encourage work on topics of emerging interest in the research and development communities. Deadline: 15. October 2013 more... LS8 at the International Broadcasting Convention (IBC) with the EU project Vista-TV The highly respected conference with an exhibition, IBC, takes place in Amsterdam and Vista-TV is one of the exhibitors. In the Future Zone, Vista-TV presents realtime analytics of Internet-TV use. (more) "With more than 50,000+ attendees from more than 160 countries, IBC combines a highly respected and peer-reviewed conference with an exhibition that exhibits more than 1,400 leading suppliers of state of the art electronic media technology... Run by the industry, for the industry, IBC is owned by six industry partners that represent both exhibitors and visitors." (http://www.ibc.org/page.cfm/link=628) Vista-TV provides users with real-time recommendations of shows and an excellent overview of the current TV program that eases the selection of the channel. In addition, for the producers of shows and for marketing companies, Vista-TV offers a real-time statistics of watching behavior. How many use the smartphone, the computer or the large TV screen for watching Internet-TV right now? In which region are the watching users located? From which channel to which other channel do users switch frequently? All these real-time analyses respect the privacy of the users and do not allow to trace a specific user. The statistics, however, is a source of valuable information. more... Fußball-Analyse mit dem streams Framework - TechniBall gewinnt Audience-Award! In enger Zusammenarbeit mit dem Technion (Israel Institute of Technology) entstand basierend auf dem *streams* Framework ein System zur Echtzeitanalyse von Fuball-Daten fr den Wettbewerb der diesjhrigen DEBS Konferenz. Aufgabe der Challenge war die Berechnung von Statistiken ber das Lauf- und Spielverhalten der Spieler, die mit Bewegungs- und Ortungssensoren des RedFIR Systems (Fraunhofer) augestattet wurden. Im Rahmen des Wettbewerbs entwickelte der Lehrstuhl 8 zusammen mit dem Technion das "TechniBall" System auf Basis des *streams* Frameworks von Christian Bockermann. TechniBall ist in der Lage, die erforderlichen Statistiken deutlich schneller als in Echtzeit (mehr als 250.000 Events pro Sekunde) zu verarbeiten und wurde vom Publikum des Konferenz zum Gewinner des DEBS Challenge 2013 gekrt. more... "Machine Learning and Knowledge Discovery in Databases" as one of the top 50% most downloaded eBooks at Springer Since its online publication on Sep 04, 2008 there has been a total of 11732 chapter downloads of "Machine Learning and Knowledge Discovery in Databases". In 2012 it is still one of the top 50% most downloaded eBooks in the relevant Springer eBook Collection with 1055 downloads. more... BBC about the project Vista TV more... UBICOMM 2013: Call for papers The goal of the International Conference on Mobile Ubiquitous Computing, Systems, Services and Technologies, UBICOMM 2013, is to bring together researchers from the academia and practitioners from the industry in order to address fundamentals of ubiquitous systems and the new applications related to them. The conference will provide a forum where researchers shall be able to present recent research results and new research problems and directions related to them. The conference seeks contributions presenting novel research in all aspects of ubiquitous techniques and technologies applied to advanced mobile applications. Deadline: 17. May 2013 more... Stellen für studentische Hilfskräfte more... TechniBall - Solution for the DEBS Challenge 2013 more... Coding-Camp an der TU Jugend forscht  Book on Managing and Mining Sensor Data published The book Managing and Mining Sensor Data has been published as an ebook and will be available as hardcover from 28th of February 2013. The book has been supported by the collaborative research center by the authors Marco Stolpe (project B3, Artificial Intelligence) and the guest researcher Kanishka Bhaduri. They contributed the chapter on Distributed Data Mining in Sensor Networks more... Stellenausschreibung: Entwicklung einer prozessdatenbasierten realzeitlichen Parameteradaptierung in automatisierten Produktionsprozessen Im Anwendungsfall energie- und ressourcenintensiver Industrien besteht die Herausforderung darin, steigende Produktqualitt bei gleichzeitiger Reduzierung von Kosten und Produktionszeiten zu realisieren. Prinzipien und Methoden von Qualittsmanagement- und Produktionssystemen nach dem Vorbild der japanischen Automobilindustrie rcken dabei als vorrangiges Leitbild branchenbergreifend in den Mittelpunkt. Als ein wesentliches Element des TPS leistet das Prinzip einer prozessimmanenten Qualittskontrolle, auch bekannt unter den Begriffen Jidoka oder Autonome Automation, einen entscheidenden Beitrag. Jedoch ist das Jidoka-Prinzip im Fall automatisierter, verketteter Produktionsprozesse, wie sie beispielsweise in der Stahlindustrie vorzufinden sind, auf konventionellem Weg nicht ohne weiteres realisierbar. Ziel dieses Promotionsvorhabens ist die Entwicklung und Validierung einer Systematik zur Ausschussminimierung und Produktqualittsoptimierung im Kontext starr verketteter, automatisierter Produktionsprozesse. Ein mglicher Ansatz stellt dabei das Konzept der Advanced Process Control dar. Zentraler Gedanke ist dabei die realzeitliche, prozessdatenbasierte berwachung und Auswertung von Produktionsprozessen mit dem Ziel, kurzfristige Prozessschwankungen ausgleichen und somit die Produktqualitt sicherstellen zu knnen. Das Promotionsvorhaben soll fr das oben skizzierte Produktionssystem einen Ansatz entwickeln, der basierend auf der automatisierten Auswertung von Prozessparametern entscheidet, ob die Qualitt des aktuell bearbeiteten Produkts den Spezifikationen entspricht oder ob und in welcher Form eine Anpassung der Prozessparameter erforderlich und realzeitlich mglich ist, um die Qualitspezifikationen zu erfllen. Alternativ besteht eine weitere Entscheidungsmglichkeit darin, das Produkt nicht weiter zu bearbeiten, wenn die Qualittsabweichung durch Anpassung des Produktionsprozessablaufes nicht korrigiert werden kann. Betreuer: Prof. Deuse Bewerbungen ab sofort an: Dipl.-Wirt.-Ing. Uta Sprer Tel.: +49 (231) 755 5787 Fax: +49 (231) 755 5772 E-Mail: spoerergsoflog.de Mo- Do: 8:30 - 12:30 Uhr more... Show news archive Zuletzt gendert am 15.06.2010 Impressum 
