 Skip to main content VUB Artificial Intelligence Lab Search form Search Welcome to the Artificial Intelligence Laboratory The Artificial Intelligence Laboratory at the Vrije Universiteit Brussel , or short VUB AI-Lab, was founded in 1983 by Prof. Dr. Luc Steels and is part of the Computer Science Department . Over the years, more than hundred researchers have worked at the laboratory. They have built a large number of artificial systems to investigate aspects of intelligence: knowledge systems, autonomous robots, machine learning systems, natural language processing components, design and implementation tools. Recently the AI lab has merged with the Computational Modeling Lab (COMO) headed by Prof. Dr. Ann Nowé and Prof. Dr. Bernard Manderick . The Robotics and Language Evolution Group  mainly focuses on the evolution of language and grounded communication systems. The core technologies that are under development in the lab are Fluid Construction Grammar (FCG) and Babel2. The Computational Modeling Group is active in several research areas, such as multi-agent reinforcement learning , data mining and computational biology . They apply machine learning techniques in a wide range of application domains, including telecom, medicine, supply chain management, etc.  Latest News Tutorial on Computational Construction Grammar for Collaborative Open-Source Grammar Development Submitted on 28 January 2014 Remi van Trijp  and  Katrien Beuls  will give a tutorial on computational construction grammar at the  LREC 2014 conference  on 31 May 2014. The motivation of the tutorial is to create a community of experts that collaborate on open source grammars in different languages. Such an endeavor may have interesting practical purposes — especially in domains that require rich semantics — but is also interesting from a scientific point of view, namely how to operationalize cognitive-functional linguistics. Read more about Tutorial on Computational Construction Grammar for Collaborative Open-Source Grammar Development CFP: Workshop at PPSN 2014 In Search of Synergies between Reinforcement learning and Evolutionary Computation Submitted on 11 December 2013 PPSN 2014 Reinforcement learning Evolutionary Algorithms http://ppsn2014.ijs.si/ Motivation and background Read more about CFP: Workshop at PPSN 2014 In Search of Synergies between Reinforcement learning and Evolutionary Computation PhD defence: Towards an agent-based tutoring system for Spanish verb conjugation Submitted on 26 November 2013 On Friday 29 November at 4.30pm, Katrien Beuls will defend her PhD thesis entitled "Towards an agent-based tutoring system for Spanish verb conjugation" in room E.0.12 on the VUB campus in Etterbeek.  Read more about PhD defence: Towards an agent-based tutoring system for Spanish verb conjugation Scientific Reports artikel geciteerd in Knack Magazine Submitted on 26 November 2013   Het artikel "Good agreements make good friends" dat recent verscheen in het wetenschappelijk tijdschrift Scientific Reports werd besporken in het magazine Knack (20.11.2013 pag. 96). Hieronder het artikel. Read more about Scientific Reports artikel geciteerd in Knack Magazine Five pre-doctoral and two post-doctoral fellowships (Edinburgh | Amsterdam | Barcelona | Trento | Brussels) Submitted on 21 November 2013 vacancy The ESSENCE (Evolution of Shared SEmaNtics in Computational Environments,  www.essence-network.eu ) Marie Curie Initial Training Network is offering five Early-Stage Researcher (pre-doctoral) and two Experienced Researcher (post-doctoral) positions, to start in February 2014. The application deadline for these posts is 15th December 2013. Read more about Five pre-doctoral and two post-doctoral fellowships (Edinburgh | Amsterdam | Barcelona | Trento | Brussels) More news General Info Home Members News Contact Research Publications Topics Projects Software For Students Courses Thesis Proposals Bachelor projects Links Evolutionary Linguistics Fluid Construction Grammar Robotics wiki IB2 - Bioinformatics Institute Benelux Bioinformatics Conference DynaMine Contact info@ai.vub.ac.be Vrije Universiteit Brussel - Artificial Intelligence Lab - Pleinlaan 2 - B-1050 Brussels - info@ai.vub.ac.be Academia theme by 
