 Login Search this site: Site Map About CSAIL Organization Overview Visual Timeline Joining CSAIL Tours of CSAIL Outreach Staff Job Openings Industry Affiliate Program Contact Research Cross-Area Initiatives Groups Partnerships publications playground Video Archive News + Events Media Press Kit CSAIL Spotlights In the Media Events Calendar News in Exhibit Awards Resources HQ TIG FAQ Book a Room Add event Book equipment Logos Templates Student activities People Principal Investigators All Members Student Spotlights Alumni Friends LATEST NEWS System that automatically fills in gaps in code becomes more powerful February 25, 2014 Since he was a graduate student, Armando Solar-Lezama, an associate professor in MITs... White House to co-host workshop at MIT on big data and privacy March 3 February 24, 2014 As part of President Barack Obamas call for a review of privacy issues in the context of... Two PIs papers among the top 3 most cited ever in major optics journal February 20, 2014 Events Calendar February 25, 2014 at 01:00 PM Ashoka University: Information SessionAshoka University: Information February 25, 2014 at 03:00 PM Graph cut, convex relaxation and continuous max-flow problemsIn this talk, we will explore February 25, 2014 at 04:00 PM Next Generation Soft Wearable RobotsNext generation wearable robots Robots in our pockets? CSAIL panel discusses future of computing at SXSW Interactive Four of CSAIL’s leading researchers will be participating in a special panel on the future of computing March 10 at SXSW Interactive, an annual technology festival in Austin, Texas. The Industry Affiliate Program offers companies a unique opportunity to collaborate with MIT faculty, students, and researchers working at the forefront of computer science and artificial intelligence research. CSAIL VIDEO Cross-Area Research Initiatives bigdata@CSAIL To solve the data deluge, CSAIL researchers will be investigating how to transform big data into big insights. CSAIL members will explore all the challenges and opportunities presented by big data,... Robotics The CSAIL Robotics Center is conducting cutting-edge, long-term research and education in robotics, addressing fundamental problems with designing more capable robots and building controls that allow... Wireless@MIT A large, perhaps dominant, part of our computing future will be wireless and mobile. To realize that future, CSAIL researchers are developing novel solutions to four challenges: dramatic improvements... 
