 Advanced search Follow us: Help & Contact Journals books Journals By title By subject By editor Open access journals Society journals Find a journal to publish in Subscription Price list Books By title By author By subject By publication date Book types Major reference works Multi volumes Desk copies Book series Related topics Permission to re-use content Display advertising reprints Online tools All Clinics Online Clinical Pharmacology ClinicalKey CPM CarePoints CPM Guidelines CPMRC DirectCourse Elsevier BioSource Elsevier Performance Manager Embase EnCompass Engineering Village Evolve Hub ExitCare First Consult FormChecker Geofacets Gold Standard Drug Database illumin8 InOrder by Elsevier Journals Consult Knovel MD Consult MEDalternatives MEDcounselor Mendeley Mosby's eLearning Mosby's Index Mosby’s Nursing Consult Mosby's Skills Pathway Studio PharmaPendium Predictive Acquisition Cost Procedures Consult ProspectoRx QUOSA Reaxys Revenue Cycle eLearning RxPrice Verify ScienceDirect SciVal Scopus ToxED Authors, editors reviewers Authors Journal authors’ home Book authors’ home Find a journal to publish in How to prepare your paper Submit paper Check status of submitted article Check status of accepted article Editors Editors’ home Journal marketing Editors’ Update Ethics for journal editors Reviewers Reviewers’ home Reviewers’ guidelines Reviewers’ workshops Reviewer feedback programme Early career researchers Early Career Resources home Training and workshops Guides and recommended reading Ethics About Elsevier Company info At a glance Elsevier locations Mission Senior management Experts Subject information Publishing guidelines Corporate responsibility Universal access Open access Company history Annual reports Conferences Exhibitions Content innovation Careers Social media Awards Press All press releases Corporate Health sciences Research journals Corporate responsibility Science technology Elsevier Newsroom Media contacts Community Elsevier Connect Elsevier Connect home Archive Videos Tutorials Corporate Relations Publishing Tips Research Matters Store Products Article Choice Books Journals Author Services Subjects Health Sciences Life Sciences Physical Sciences Social Sciences Industries Chemicals Electronic and Electrical Equipment Energy Materials and Mechanical Pharmaceutical and Biotechnology Special offers Over 18,000 eBooks now DRM-FREE More than 100 eBooks available for $1 Journal of Complexity The multidisciplinary Journal of Complexity publishes original research papers that contain substantial mathematical results on complexity as broadly conceived. Outstanding review papers will also be published. In the area of computational complexity , the focus is on complexity over the reals, with the emphasis on lower bounds and optimal algorithms . The Journal of Complexity also publishes articles that provide major new algorithms or make important progress on upper bounds. Other models of computation, such as the Turing machine model, are also of interest. Computational complexity results in a wide variety of areas are solicited. Areas Include: Approximation theory Biomedical computing Compressed computing and sensing Computational finance Computational number theory Computational stochastics Control theory Cryptography Design of experiments Differential equations Discrete problems Distributed and parallel computation High and infinite-dimensional problems Information-based complexity Inverse and ill-posed problems Machine learning Markov chain Monte Carlo Monte Carlo and quasi-Monte Carlo Multivariate integration and approximation Noisy data Nonlinear and algebraic equations Numerical analysis Operator equations Optimization Quantum computing Scientific computation Tractability of multivariate problems Vision and image understanding Benefits to authors We also provide many author benefits, such as free PDFs, a liberal copyright policy, special discounts on Elsevier publications and much more. Please click here for more information on our author services . Please see our Guide for Authors for information on article submission. If you require any further information or help, please visit our support pages: http://support.elsevier.com View full aims and scope Editor in Chief: J.F. Traub View full editorial board Guide for Authors Author instructions Useful links Download the ‘Author Information Pack’ PDF View ‘Guide for Authors’ online Read the ‘8 Reasons Why I Accepted Your Article’ blog Download the ‘Understanding the Publishing Process’ PDF Track Your Paper Order Journal View Articles Impact Factor: 1.217 Impact Factor: 2012: 1.217 © Thomson Reuters Journal Citation Reports 2013 5-Year Impact Factor: 1.314 Five-Year Impact Factor: 2012: 1.314 To calculate the five year Impact Factor, citations are counted in 2012 to the previous five years and divided by the source items published in the previous five years. © Journal Citation Reports 2013, Published by Thomson Reuters Imprint: ELSEVIER ISSN: 0885-064X Subscribe to RSS Publish your article Open Access in Journal of Complexity Recent Open Access Articles The latest Open Access articles published in Journal of Complexity. Fast orthogonal transforms and generation of Brownian paths Gunther Leobacher Steffen Dereich wins the 2009 Information-Based Complexity Young Researcher Award 2010 Information-Based Complexity Young Researcher Award Committee View All Most Downloaded Articles The most downloaded articles from Journal of Complexity in the last 90 days. 1. An encyclopaedia of cubature formulas Ronald Cools 2. Elastic-net regularization in learning theory Christine De Mol | Ernesto De Vito | ... 3. Parzen windows for multi-class classification Zhi-Wei Pan | Dao-Hong Xiang | ... View All Awards Information-Based Complexity Young Researcher Award Prize for Achievement in Information-Based Complexity Journal of Complexity Award View All Special Issues Special issues published in Journal of Complexity. Order Now Dagstuhl 2012 Volume 30, Issue 2 (2014) Order Now Dagstuhl 2009 Volume 27, Issues 3-4 (2011) Order Now SI: HDA 2009 Volume 26, Issue 5 (2010) View All Journal Insights Find out more News Audioslides – a new service for authors to present their research Executable Papers - improving the article format in computer science Open Archive available View All Open Archive List of the recent articles made freely available as part of this journal’s open archive . All articles published after 48 months have unrestricted access and will remain permanently free to read and download. Our Silver Anniversary Joseph F. Traub On the weakening of the convergence of Newton’s method using recurrent functions Ioannis K. Argyros | Saïd Hilout Iterative root approximation in p-adic numerical analysis Eric Bach View All Most Cited Articles The most cited articles published since 2009, extracted from Scopus . New general convergence theory for iterative processes and its applications to Newton-Kantorovich type theorems Proinov, P.D. Elastic-net regularization in learning theory De Mol, C. | De Vito, E. | ... General local convergence theory for a class of iterative processes and its applications to Newton's method Proinov, P.D. View All Recent Articles Recently published articles from Journal of Complexity. Approximation of analytic functions in Korobov spaces Josef Dick | Peter Kritzer | ... Weak and quasi-polynomial tractability of approximation of infinitely differentiable functions Jan Vybíral On weighted Hilbert spaces and integration of functions of infinitely many variables Michael Gnewuch | Sebastian Mayer | ... View All Share this page: Advertisement Readers View Articles Volume/ Issue Alert Authors Author Information Pack Track Your Paper Webshop Librarians Ordering Information and Dispatch Dates Abstracting/ Indexing Editors Publishing Ethics Resource Kit Reviewers Reviewer Guidelines Advertisers/ Sponsors Advertisers Media Information Societies Journal of Complexity Award IBC Prize Young Researcher Award Industries Advertising Careers Feedback Site Map Elsevier Websites A Reed Elsevier Company Copyright Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms Conditions Cookies are set by this site. To decline them or learn more, visit our Cookies page. Email a Friend Complete the short form below to let your friends and colleagues know about this page. Don't worry, the details you provide on this page will not be used to send unsolicited e-mail. Find out more about our privacy policy . Your Name Your Email Friend's Name Friend's Email Thank you for recommending this page to a friend or colleague. Click here to close this dialogue box 
