 Skip to main content AITopics Search form Search Main menu AI in the News Videos Podcasts Classics Brief History of AI Whats New Sitemap Welcome to AITopics AITopics is the Internet's largest collection of information about the research, the people, and the applications of Artificial Intelligence. Our mission is to educate and inspire through a wide variety of curated and organized resources gathered from across the web. Search for specific terms or browse within or across topics. Good starting places: AI in the News A Brief History of AI Classic publications Videos , Podcasts Sitemap Browse our educational resources, including: Course materials Interactive programs FAQs and more... Brought to you by the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence (AAAI). We gratefully acknowledge financial support from the National Science Foundation (grant #1319941), the AIJ Division of IJCAI, and Microsoft Research. Tweet Widget Google Plus One Facebook Like Top news this week AI in the News Why The Future Of Technology Is All Too Human When Ray Kurzweil published The Age Of Spiritual Machines in 1999, he predicted a new era of thinking machines that will meet and then exceed human intelligence. The idea seemed outlandish at the time, but not so much anymore. Feb 23 2014 AI Overview Applications Ethics Social Issues AI in the News Are the robots about to rise? Googles new director of engineering thinks so… Ray Kurzweil popularised the Teminator-like moment he called the 'singularity', when artificial intelligence overtakes human thinking. But now the man who hopes to be immortal is involved in the very same quest – on behalf of the tech behemoth. The Guardian Feb 22 2014 AI Overview About AITopics Stay current Read about advances in AI around the world that are capturing media attention Find background material and foundational classics that supplement textbook discussions View videos improved search finer-grained topics integrated readings, news, videos, podcasts, interviews, and classics searchable archive of previous news stories RSS feeds Twitter and Facebook links recommended readings Bruce Buchanan ( buchanan@cs.pitt.edu ) Reid Smith ( rgsmith@rgsmithassociates.com ) Joshua Eckroth ( joshuaeckroth@gmail.com ) See this recent presentation: Meeting the Responsibility to Explain AI , from the Twenty-Seventh AAAI Conference (AAAI-13), Bellevue, WA. July 18, 2013 Articles and presentations on AITopics Topic overviews  are the foundation of AITopics. Ranging over nearly 200 topics, each overview provides a short description of a topic and provides links to a variety of other resources. Good starting places include the AI Overview and Machine Learning . Artificial intelligence is part of our global culture, and its impact on our everyday lives is growing. Searching for news about AI presents a deluge of information. Why not use a little AI of our own to better handle the task? Our software  automatically crawls and categorizes the news  and presents it to you as AI in the News . Students, educators, and other interested folks will love the Video collection  showcasing everything from robot janitors to an hour-long documentary about the computer that won Jeopardy! On the go? Grab a Podcast  and learn about the emergent properties of brains, bees, and cities or recent developments in poker-playing machines . Our editors (themselves experts in the field) have collected classic articles and books about artificial intelligence. Many have links to online PDF versions. Why not take a look at our collection of Classic Articles Books ? Many other links that do not fit into the above categories may be found throughout this website. Rather than rewrite what has already been written, we take you to the original sources. Search box , AI in the News , Videos , Podcasts , and Classics Topics AI Overview AI Overview Computer Science Goals Visions Grand Challenge Problems Roadblocks The Future Applications Applications Overview Agriculture Natural Resources Archaeology Architecture Design Art Artificial Noses Assistive Technologies Astronomy Space Exploration Automatic Programming Automotive Industry Autonomous Vehicles Aviation Banking Finance Bioinformatics Biometrics Business Manufacturing Chatbots Chemistry Decision Support Systems Earth Atmospheric Science Engineering Design Fraud Detection Hazards Disasters Knowledge Management Law Law Enforcement Public Safety Machine Storytelling Marketing Medicine Military Music Networks Oil Gas Politics Foreign Relations Recommender Systems Robots in the Home Robots in the Workplace Science Mathematics Smart Houses Appliances Social Science Software Engineering Spam Filtering Surveillance Telecommunications Transportation Shipping Cognitive Science Cognitive Science Overview Childhood Development Cognitive Architectures Creativity Intelligence Emotion Nature of Expertise Nature of Intelligence Neuroscience Physiology of Perception Motion Problem Solving Simulation Education Education Overview Automated Grading Intelligent Tutoring Instructional Theory Ethics Social Issues Ethics Social Issues Overview Robot Ethics Security Privacy Social Issues Games Puzzles Games Puzzles Overview 15 Puzzle Arimaa Backgammon Bridge Checkers Chess Chinese Checkers Crossword Puzzles Dolls Toys General Game Playing Go Hearts Hex Jeopardy! Othello Poker RoShamBo (rock, paper, scissors) Rubiks Cube Scrabble Spades Sports Sudoku Video Games History History Overview Brief Histories Timelines Histories of Related Topics People, Programs, Institutions Interfaces Interfaces Overview Human Computer Interaction Human Robot Interaction Interface Technologies Devices Machine Learning Machine Learning Overview Data Mining Decision Tree Learning Evolutionary Algorithms Inductive Learning Learning Theory Memory-Based Learning Neural Networks Pattern Recognition Reinforcement Learning Scientific Discovery Statistical Learning Methods Natural Language Natural Language Overview Discourse Dialogue Explanation Argumentation Natural Language Generation Natural Language Understanding Grammars Parsing Information Retrieval Machine Translation Question Answering Text Classification Text Summarization Philosophy Philosophy Overview Arguments Against AI Computational Philosophy Consciousness Turing Test Representation Reasoning Representation Reasoning Overview Abductive Reasoning Agents Analogical Reasoning Automated Theorem Proving Bayesian Inference Belief Revision Case-Based Reasoning Commonsense Reasoning Constraint-Based Reasoning Description Logic Design Diagrammatic Reasoning Diagrams Models Expert Systems Fuzzy Logic Heuristic Search Logic Formal Reasoning Metareasoning Multi-Agent Systems Nonmonotonic Logic Ontologies Planning Scheduling Qualitative Reasoning Rule-Based Reasoning Scripts Frames Semantic Networks Situation Calculus Spatial Reasoning Uncertainty Robots Robots Overview Biologically-Inspired Robots Humanoid Robots Manipulation Locomotion Robot Cognition Robot Perception Robot Planning Action Science Fiction Science Fiction Overview Speech Speech Overview Acoustic Processing Speech Recognition Speech Synthesis Systems Languages Systems Languages Overview Problem-Independent Architectures Problem-Specific Architectures Programming Languages Vision Vision Overview Face Recognition Handwriting Recognition Image Understanding Optical Character Recognition Web AI Web AI Overview Semantic Web Social Networks Web Search Collections Interviews Tributes News Classics Podcasts Videos Course materials FAQs About Us About AITopics Project Notes Editorial Policies Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Us Login 
