 Institute of Nanotechnology www.nano.org.uk Home Login Search Sitemap Contact Us Overview Corporate Membership Professional Membership Student Membership Associate Membership Join the IoN Log In Corporate Member Profiles Overview Areas Our Approach Our Experience Case Studies Get Started Latest Nano News Recent Nano News Corporate Member News News Forum Articles Events Worldwide IoN Events IoN Events payments Previous IoN Events Post-event Proceedings Course Directory (NEAT) Education links Careers Jobs Wanted Job Vacancies What is Nanotechnology? Introductory CD Glossary Pioneers Current Activities About the Institute Previous Events Advisory Group Contact Us Home Services Membership Consultancy NEAT Course Directory Advertising Order Online Resources News Events Reports Education Jobs Books Images What is nano? About the Institute Membership Login Please select... Corporate Professional Student Associate Password Membership Information Corporate Membership Professional Membership Student Membership Associate Membership Sign Up IoN/EU Projects ObservatoryNANO ICPC-Nanonet NanoCode EICOON NanoSustain NanoCelluComp NanoValid IoN Affiliated nanoIT News Researchers Hijack Cancer Migration Mechanism to Brain Tumours One factor that makes glioblastoma cancers so difficult to treat is that malignant cells from the tumours spread throughout the brain by following nerve fibres and blood vessels to invade new locations. Now, researchers have learned to hijack this migratory mechanism, turning it against the cancer by using a film of nanofibres thinner than human hair to lure tumour cells away. Video: The research and how it works. Video Credit: Georgia Tech. More News... Fingerprinting meningitis with lasers European Innovation Convention 2014 NanoSafety Cluster Newsletter No.2 - Out Now Nanotechnologies Deployment in Latin America Join the Community What is a Nanomaterial? NanoDefine finds out The online Industrial Expert Find Engraving Machines Permanent Online Medical Devices Exhibition Reports Our reports library is updated monthly and now contains 150+ cutting-edge reports. View a comprehensive list Responsible Innovation as a Business Driver - Workshop Report Buy Now for 100 The World Market for Nanocoatings The general coating industry has declined but specialized coating surface engineering sectors are witnessing strong growth driven by the needs of high-end industries, such as oil and gas and electronics. Nanocoatings are opening up new market opportunities in the global coatings arena. Properties such as anti-microbialism, thermal insulation, dirt and water repellency, hardness, corrosion resistance, flame retardancy, UV stability, anti-graffiti, self-cleaning, moisture absorbing, gloss retention and chemical and mechanical properties are improved significantly using nanostructured materials. Buy Now for 990 Nanocellulose: A Technology and Market Study Despite being the most available natural polymer on earth, it is only recently that cellulose has gained prominence as a nanostructured material, in the form of cellulose nanocrystals (CNC) and micro/nanofibrillar cellulose (MFC/NFC). Buy Now for 350 Transparent Electronics Markets - 2012 In the past few years there has been much talk about transparent electronics, but few, if any, attempts to assess the potential size of this market or whether there are genuine opportunities to be found in it. This new report fills this gap and provides the first assessment of transparent electronics from a commercial rather than technological perspective. The report covers both opportunities at the applications and at the materials level. Buy Now for 2995 Feedback Privacy Policy Terms of Use Institute of Nanotechnology 
