 Loading Home www.QueensU.ca engineering.QueensU.ca Department What is Mining? Mining at Queen's Facilities Programs Visitor's Booklet Health Safety Faculty/Department Positions I.T. Support Requests and Incident Reporting Vision and Mission Undergraduate Studies Frequently Asked Questions Academics Student Support Awards Bursaries Departmental Graduate Studies Overview of Mining Graduate Program Queen's Graduate Studies How to Apply MASc. and Ph.D. Openings Application Course Calendar Teaching Assistants Research Resources Seminars Comprehensives Thesis Template Employment Grad Student Society Queen's Student Services International Centre Faculty Graduate Studies News Events Department News Faculty News University News Other Sources Photo Galleries People Faculty Adjunct Faculty Emeritus Professors Cross-Appointed Faculty Technical Support Staff Grad Students Industrial Fellows Postdoctoral Fellow Alumni Alumni Association Support Your School Employment Opportunities Queen's Alumni Site Transcripts Iron Ring Order Form Professional Development Community Relations Basics of Mining Mine Ventilation Welcome to the Head of Department: Dr. Takis Katsabanis Goodwin Hall 25 Union Street, room354 Kingston ON K7L 3N6 613 533 2230 (phone) 613 533 6597 (fax) office@mine.queensu.ca Accessible Documents The Mining Department is committed to building an inclusive campus community with accessible services that respect the dignity and independence of persons with disabilities. Academic information on program requirements, course selection, regulations and registration is available in an accessible format on request. Please contact us in one of the following ways. E-mail: Undergraduate Matters or Graduate Matters Phone:(613) 533 2230 In Person: Goodwin Hall, room 354 News Events The Allied Nevada Professorship in Surface Mine Planning Design was established in 2013 with a $2million donation from Allied Nevada Gold Corporation. Click here for the whole story. Mining Orientation was on Thursday, January 23rd and was a very sucessful event. We had the most 1st year students attending to date. Click here to see some photos of the event. Students attened the CMP conferance in Ottawa on January 22nd and 23rd. Click here for more details. Mine Rescue 2014 Ontario Mine Rescue, now part of Workplace Safety North, Walter Adler and Tim Taylor came to campus to teach the rudiments of Mine Rescue to some of our studnets. Click here for more information and Pictures. Queen's New Centre Grad Undergrad T. A. and T.F.: JOB POSTINGS Click Here. MASc. and PH.D. Graduate Opportunites for openings for 2014/2015 graduate studies Click Here Important Dates November 29th December 4 - 19 January 6th January 23rd Web Mail Access : click here Copyright Queens University. All rights reserved. QueensU.ca Faculty of Engineering and Applied Science Disclaimer Privacy Policy 
