 Home Home About Speakers Programme Travel Registration Sponsors Contact Inspired by biology Exploring nature's toolbox th EMBL PhD Symposium rd -25 th October 2014 Registration opens in February About the Symposium While scientific research continues to enable innovations in technology, it also raises questions and issues that we do not yet have the tools to address. However, similar challenges have often been faced and overcome in nature. The 16th EMBL PhD symposium, entitled "Inspired by Biology - Exploring Nature's Toolbox", will delve into the creative and multidisciplinary uses of existing biological mechanisms to solve problems in basic and applied sciences. The conference will cover a range of fields from DNA nanorobots and xenonucleic acids through to tissue engineering and biomaterials. The EMBL PhD symposium is organized every year by first-year PhD students of all EMBL outstations. Participants from all over the world gather in Heidelberg, Germany, for a three-day event with talks from both top-level scientists and PhD students themselves. Additionally, participants have the opportunity to take part in informal blackboard sessions given by the keynote speakers, offering an exciting means to discuss the topics directly with leading experts. In a time when the value of basic research is being questioned, the 2014 symposium hopes to demonstrate the diverse ways in which biological knowledge can be applied to solve problems of public, academic and industrial interest. Speakers Ido Bachelet Martin Fussenegger Molly Stevens Aránzazu del Campo Roman Jerala Petra Schwille Martin Jinek Jason Chin Philippe Marlière Jane Calvert Claire Ainsworth Programme Day 1: When biology inspires medicine Recent developments in biological techniques open new prospects in various fields for modern medicine. Day 2: Exploiting Nature’s architecture What can we learn from the fascinating properties of living systems and their components, that are often superior to what man can create? Day 3: Pushing the limits of life Currently available techniques allow radical modifications of living beings and their genomes. The day will be concluded by a Science and Society session. Travel and Accommodation How to get to Heidelberg Heidelberg is easily reached by train, car or plane from any country in the world. The EMBL campus is located in Heidelberg's neighbourhood area of Boxberg which is approximately 10 minutes by car from Heidelberg's city centre. Reaching us by train, plane, car Travel Documents and Visas Prior to travelling to Germany, some applicants from certain countries may have to acquire special travel documents, such as a visa. Applicants are strongly encouraged to check with the local German Authorities (Embassies or Consulates) about the need of special travelling documents. Since the process may be time consuming, applicants are advised to make such arrangements as soon as possible. Failure to obtain a visa after the deadline for participation in the conference will not result in a refund. Applicants are responsible for providing the right documentation needed for their entry into Germany. However, upon request, the Organizing Committee can issue a formal letter of acceptance to the symposium for the purposes of obtaining a visa. Please be aware that no visa letters will be issued before payment of the registration fee. The organizing committee can not be held responsible in the case of a refusal by German authorities to enter German territory. Accommodation The registration fees do not include accommodation and it has to be personally arranged. However, if you are happy to share a double room with a fellow participant, rooms have been pre-booked at the EMBL/ISG hotel near EMBL. Please contact us (not the hotel) if you would like to stay at the ISG hotel. Please note that a shuttle bus will run between EMBL and the ISG Hotel during the conference. Registration Sponsors Kindly supported by our founder partners Kindly supported by our corporate partners Kindly supported by our associate partners Sponsorship Information th EMBL PhD symposium will provide an invaluable networking environment for your company to enhance the profile amongst the molecular biosciences research community, especially towards the young generation. The symposium will offer prime opportunities for your company to promote your new products, latest technology, and services. If you are interested in sponsoring our symposium and would like to receive further information, please download our sponsorship brochure , or direct your enquires to us Contact our FAQs PhD Symposium 2014 phdsymposium@embl.de Previous Symposia more » © 
