 Questions? 1.800.445.7279 About NYIP Mission Accreditation Faculty News Reviews and Testimonials History Famous Alumni Partners Partners Schools International Licenses Industry Partners Courses Complete Course in Professional Photography Photoshop for Photographers The Complete Course in Video Making Storytelling Marketing for Photographers Fundamentals of Digital Photography Admissions Request Catalog Get more info and details on the course youâre most interested in. Enroll Online Become a member of the New York Institute of Photography today. Tuition Refund Policy FAQs Military Benefits Photo Articles Articles Home Read expert tips and tricks articles written by NYIP faculty and friends for free. Student Success Stories Learn more about NYIP students and graduates who have followed their dreams in photography. Newsletter Sign up for NYIPâs free monthly newsletter to receive all of our content right in your inbox. Student Center Student Forum Photo Gallery Make a Payment Refer a Friend Student Benefits Badges Social Media Recent Graduates Contact Join the New York Institute of Photography Today Study anytime, anywhere, at your own pace Learn photography for a fraction of the cost of traditional schools Access to professional photographers as your mentors Licensed by the New York State Education Department Get a certificate from the #1 photography school in the world NYIP Courses The New York Institute of Photography offers five great photography courses that allow students to learn photography from home. Take a look at the complete list of NYIP's photography courses below and click on any of the titles to learn more about each course. The Complete Course in Professional Photography NYIP's Complete Course in Professional Photography is our most popular photography course. Students will learn everything there is to know about the art, technique, and business of photography. Learn to take professional-quality photos and make money with your photography. Learn More Photoshop for Photographers NYIP's Complete Course in Digital Photography: Photoshop for Photographers is brand new. You will learn how to edit your photos using Adobe Photoshop, Photoshop Elements, or Adobe Lightroom. Learn to create incredible photos using the post-production techniques that the pros use every day. Learn More The Complete Course in Video Making Storytelling NYIP's Complete Course in Video Making and Storytelling will teach you how to plan, shoot, and edit digital videos. Learn the skills needed to offer video services to your photography clients or how to create the next viral video for the web. Learn More Marketing for Photographers NYIP's Marketing for Photographers Course is an intensive course in marketing designed for photographers by photographers. Learn the tried and true strategies for advertising and growing your photography business so that you can earn more money in the field that you love. Learn More The Fundamentals of Digital Photography NYIP's Short Course: Fundamentals of Digital Photography is the perfect introductory course for anyone with an interest in photography. Beginners and amateurs looking to take better photos with their digital cameras can learn from professional photographers. Learn More Which course is right for you? Click Here to find out What's New at NYIP The New York Institute of Photography recognizes student and graduate work. Our photography courses have helped students produce amazing images and achieve success as photographers. Check out more student photos or read our free photo articles . Student Photo of the week by Jaroslav Nesvadba Featured Student Success Story Stephen Krawiec Ewing, New Jersey Growing up in New Jersey, it's a given that you're down at the beach come summer. It's a place for me that has always had an atmosphere about it like no other... Learn More As an eager, enthusiastic and dedicated photography student, the world of wedding photography is an enticing career. You may feel like you're ready to tackle it with tenacity and dedication... Learn More Testimonials I knew the mechanics of a camera but this course taught me to look at things differently. It made me a better photographer. I loved doing my photography course with NYIP and found it a pleasure. I have become a much, much better photographer because of my NYIP studies. When I started I did not realize I would get so much hands on knowledge about photography. Thank you so much NYIP for such a wonderful, life changing experience. This is a great course. It allows you to work at your own pace, one that fits into your own schedule. Contact Us New York Institute of Photography Phone: 800.445.7279 Fax: 212.867.8122 Email: info@nyip.edu Nationally Accredited and State Licensed NYSED DETC More from NYIP Enroll in NYIP Frequently Asked Questions Student Forum Photo Articles ÂŠ 2014 the New York Institute of Photography All rights reserved. Site Map Privacy United States [ change ] Consumer Products Consumer Films Single Use Cameras KODAK Picture Kiosk Kiosk Store Locator Inspiration Guide Kiosk Products Features Editing Tools Apps Mobile Apps FACEBOOK App Partner Apps Tips and Projects Center Tips from the Pros Picture of the Day Learn Projects Support Tips from the Pros Picture of the Day Learn Projects Print E-mail close We're pleased that you want to share this information. To send a link to this page, fill in the information below. The e-mail will show you as the sender and will show your return address. * indicates required information * Recipient E-mail: Each address entered must be valid. (Separate multiple email addresses with commas. Limited to 5 addresses.) * Your Name Here: Enter your name. * Your E-mail: Enter a valid address. send a copy to me Note: You are not adding recipient email addresses to any promotional email list. Sending... Sent! Send failed. Please try again later. tips projects center Sporty Picture Cake Impress your party guests with a personalized soccer cake. Create it Featured Projects Sports Bookends For a sports-themed kid's room, use photo bookends to hold all those books in place. Sporty Party Food Cheer on your favorite team with these sporty decorations. Soccer Backpack Clip Keep track of your athletes' belongings with a photo backpack clip. Featured Tips Winter Sports Photography Snowboarding photographer Cole Barash shares his creative thought process with us. Read his tips Photographing Sports Action Sporting events are the perfect place to capture the action as well as the emotions of friends, family and spectators. View the techniques About Kodak Site Terms News Media RSS Feeds Contact Us Kodak Emergence Growing Markets ver 2 Landing Page Skip to main content Log in Courses Proud Photography Online Course - for Beginners Adobe Elements Photoshop for Photographers HDR Photography Studio Portrait Lighting Expert Wedding Photographer Trick Photography Course About Us Who We Are What You'll Get Our Guarantee FAQ Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Deals Big Sale Course Packages Buy Gift Vouchers for Your Friends or Family Resources Webinars & Workshops Forums Blog Gallery Showcase Student Gallery Gallery Camera Store Make Money With Your Camera Tell Your Friends Newsletter Affiliate Program Contact Page path Home You are not logged in. ( Log in ) Powerful Online Photography Course Designed to Transform You Into a Great Photographer. Guaranteed . $193 Want to know how to take those beautiful photos found in magazines? Sick of always shooting in "Auto" mode with your new DSLR? Would you like having a real pro photographer as your personal tutor ? Are you a photography beginner wanting to learn how to take better photos "step-by-step" ? Would you like to take prize-worthy photos and perhaps make money with your camera? Dear Photography Lover, If you answered "yes" to any of the above, it's time to enroll in our interactive online photography course and learn how to take better photos . Discover how over 11,000 students worldwide improved their photography skills with Proud Photography. What you get: Instant access to 13 comprehensive interactive online photography lessons ( class curriculum ). Your own personal tutor . All our tutors are real working professional photographers. Unique constructive feedback on each of your assignment photos. Opportunity to discuss all photography related questions with your tutor. Work completely in your own time pace in our in-depth online photography training. Chances to enter exciting photo competitions and win prizes. iPad and tablet-friendly . Study on Mac or PC. Unbeatable one year money-back guarantee . Not happy? Do not pay! Internationsl students welcome . FREE Bonus #1 Camera Profits eBook to help you make money with photography. FREE Bonus #2 500MB online photo gallery to show off your images to the world! Perfectly Suited For: complete beginners with absolutely none or limited photography experience amateur photographers wanting to take their photography to the next level all others who wish to brush up their photography basics or enhance their technical skills In our Online Photography Courses, you'll learn how to take absolutely perfect photos in every single situation! Low light? No problem! Fast-moving subject? No problem! Want your pictures look like those in the magazines? No problem! Finally gain complete control over your camera. You and your friends will be dazzled by your expert photography skills in such a short time! We give you far more than other online photography schools - for far less money. You're free to work at your own pace! You won't have to worry about a classroom full of other students slowing you down or having to drive to class when you have a busy schedule. Proud Photography Online Courses and our tutors are always here. You'll get your own personal tutor when you enroll in the class. Your tutor will be there not only to assist you during your studies providing constructive critique on your assignment photos, but he's also happy to answer all your individual questions you may have. With us, you'll get your feedback within just 2 days (often earlier) as opposed to several weeks in some other online photography courses. No special skills required. The techniques you'll learn are adaptable to any type of camera. You can be a total beginner in photography or experienced amateur. Take fantastic photos, or it'll cost you NOTHING with our generous 1 year 100% money-back guarantee! You Can Enroll Absolutely Risk Free Thanks to 1-Year Money Back Guarantee! -50% for limited time Upon completing Proud Photography comprehensive 13-segment online photography classes, you will receive an official Certificate of Completion. "I couldn't find any better-priced photography course online!" Proud Photography's specialized training goes far beyond other online photography courses. We don't just gloss over the basics in a few classes, take your money and run. We cover everything, from the most important basic techniques to how to take the best photos in very specific situations. We will be around when you need us. Our pros are with you every step of the way through HUGE 13 in-depth units. This is far more than any other online photography school out there! "Hi Proud Photography, I just wanted to let you know that I completed your program about 3 years ago and in that time I have done tremendously well in photography. see Elisabeth's photos I dabbled in a portrait business and also exhibited my work in several exhibitions including a solo show in a US Congressman's office, but I just wasn't satisfied. I started shooting images for use on novels and I now have over 60 major book covers throughout the world. Thank you so much for your program you really kick started something wonderful in my life!" ~ Elisabeth Ansley, Plymouth, Minnesota "We enjoy taking family vacations in wild and scenic lands all over the U.S. I mean, places that are postcard worthy. But all the pictures I would take of these awesome landscapes were just hum-drum. Then I found your online photography courses. You had two whole segments devoted just to travel photography - namely landscapes, sunsets and water reflections. Just what I was looking for! As a matter of fact, a postcard company purchased one of my images! Now I'm earning income from my hobby!" ~ Susan McElwee, Montana Here's just an outline of our online photography course's syllabus: 1. Introduction to Photography You'll get a comprehensive overview of today's camera designs and capabilities. Proud Photography will teach you everything you ever wanted to know about lenses, from prime to wide angle to fisheye to zoom to telephoto to macro. We'll cover accessories and gadgets galore: filters, tripods, monopods, cable releases, flashes and exposure meters. We'll sort out what is what, and show you which ones you need to achieve the look you're aiming for. 2. Digital Photography We'll show you all the ins and outs of film vs. digital--all the advantages and disadvantages of each, so you can make the right choice for your purposes. We'll discuss the film speed of 35 mm vs. the sensor in digital cameras. Our pros will help you take the mystery out of digital images : dots per inch, JPEG or TIFF file formats, file sizes, appropriate compression settings, megapixels and more! Proud Photography will even show you what digital retouching possibilities are possible right on your very own PC. You'll learn the difference between color modes: When to use RGB, and when to use CMYK. We'll offer tips for the safest and most efficient printing and storage, such as whether to print at home or in a photo lab, and whether to save to disks or flash drives. 3. Exposure: Shutter Speed Proud Photography will provide you with detailed explanations and instructions of this crucial aspect of top-notch photography-not just a confusing, incomplete overview. You'll learn all the exposure modes and techniques , from shutter priority shooting to fast and slow speeds and more! 4. Exposure: Aperture As with the critical details of shutter speed, Proud Photography will equip you with detailed explanations and instructions for the aperture. You'll learn everything you ever wanted to know about depth of field. Our pros will teach you about multiple metering modes: spot metering, auto exposure lock, how to get the perfect exposure, hand-held exposure meter, and more! And you'll learn all about bracketing! 5. Composition Attractive composition is the most primary hallmark of any beautiful photograph! You'll learn the rules of good composition: the rule of thirds, perspective, foreground and background balancing, and more! Proud Photography will show you how to select the correct viewpoint and lens to attain attractive composition. 6. Light Lighting is one of the most basic nuances of any photograph. Proper lighting can make or break your photo. Composition means nothing if the lighting is out of kilter! We'll show you all the tricks of how to work with artificial lighting, and how to adjust your flash settings accordingly. You'll learn how to avoid those looming shadows jumping in the background. Our pros will even show you how to work with mixed natural and artificial light! At Proud Photography, you'll learn how to take stunning night lighting and low-light photos. We'll even teach you all the fine details of flash and studio shooting, such as how to use diffused lighting to soften your subject's features. 7. Shooting Black and White You'll learn the difference between shooting in black and white for film or digital. And Proud Photography will tell you everything you ever wanted to know about black and white film! We'll even make you privy to why you should use black and white filters. 8. Travel Photography I. In this first segment of specialized travel photography , we'll show you how to make the most of low-light situations to capture the most sought-after travel photos: sunrise and sunset! Our pros will show you how to make optimum use of filters. You'll be privy to how to attain the most beautiful landscape composition. Our goal is to turn you into the next Ansel Adams! You'll learn special techniques to use for extreme weather conditions. That raging storm is a fascinating subject! You'll see how to make people and landscapes leap off the page! Proud Photography will show you all the tricks to capture the unique beauty of seascapes. You'll learn how to maximize the mesmerizing reflections of still water. 9. Travel Photography II. In the second segment of this specialized training, we'll teach you how to capture the most sought-after travel images: Mesmerizing sky images Mind-blowing reflections Intriguing locals and workers Stunning architecture--interior and exterior! Tantalizing night scenes Lifelike flora and fauna Frame-worthy still life and patterns Local events laden with fascinating characters, including carnivals and parades Plus, you'll learn how to take great holiday family photos that are beyond the ordinary! From shooting in full sunlight to composing party shots, you'll have it covered. 10. Portraits From formal seated portraits to personality-capturing informal shots, your photos will look like they were created in a professional studio! Our pros will show you which backgrounds to use to bring out the subject's natural personality. You'll see which viewpoint is best to use. We'll provide you with helpful makeup techniques so your subjects look better than ever before. You'll learn all the ins and outs of proper lighting for studio shots to accent the subject's preferable features. Proud Photography will even show you how to take high-key and low-key portraits, manipulating darkness or lightness. 11. People and Their Environment + Abstract Photography In this special segment, you'll learn how to vividly capture people in a multitude of environments. You'll learn how to use natural lighting to your advantage when outdoors - as well as what angles to avoid. Poor weather? Never fear! Our pros will teach you the tricks to take candid photos that capture the distinct personality of your subjects and their activities. You'll learn how to capture the awe-inspiring, unparalleled beauty of mother and child. People who view your photos will squeal with delight when they see how you capture babies and children at play! You'll learn to see the regal appearance of older people and capture it majestically. And we'll show you how to take breathtaking close-ups and compose artistic details. 12. Insiders' Tricks and Techniques This segment alone is worth the cost of the entire Proud Photography Online Course! You'll learn all the ins and outs the pros use: Using high ISO in low light Super-creative fisheye photography Zoom lens tricks Amazing macro photography How to use special filters, from multiple image to soft focus to color to polarizing How to use fill-in flash and reflectors How to use slow sync flash How to create multiple exposures on one frame of film The proper way to shoot against the light How to piece together multiple panoramic shots How to capture inspiring fireworks 13. Common Pitfalls and How to Avoid Them At Proud Photography, we go beyond showing you what to DO, and also show you what NOT to do! We'll show you how to avoid: Underexposure and overexposure Lens flare Bad framing Poor focus Red eye Camera shaking Annoying reflections Dust on the sensor or lens Taking the mystery out of lens obstruction Low-quality digital images from using the wrong file parameters YES, I would like to enroll in the Proud Photography Online Course NOW and receive my FREE BONUS #1 #2 . Proud Photography Interactive Online Course + FREE BONUSES $193 $97 Save 50% today! Instant Access to the Proud Photography Online Course Professional Tutor Work at your own pace 2 x FREE BONUSES Certificate of Completion received by mail after successful course completion Full 1 year money back guarantee* International students welcome *Conditions apply Here's to prize-worthy photographs! Yours truly, Managing Director, Proud Photography P.S. You just won't find such a comprehensive online photography course for such a low price! At Proud Photography Online Course, you get a whopping 13 specialized segments designed by prize-winning professionals for just $97 ! That's over 50% off our regular price. Unlike other online photography courses, we don't just gloss over the basics, take your money and run. We cover everything , from the most important basic techniques to how to take the best photos in very specific situations. Don't delay and start taking better photos today! Skip Login Login Username Password Remember username Lost password? Skip Bookmark Share Bookmark Share Skip Customer Support Customer Support Skip Blog menu Blog menu View all entries Search Skip Students' Gallery Students' Gallery Skip Testimonials Testimonials All our testimonials come from real students. We've collected hundreds of them over the years and get more each day. âB efore I discovered Proud Photography, I signed up for another online photography courses. What a rip-off! All they did was give a basic overview and take my money. They didnât answer my more technical questions about aperture and shutter speed, and how they relate. But your online photography course taught me how and when to shoot fast and slow shutter speeds. And all my questions about the apertureâs depth of field and auto exposure lock were answered! And your course cost less than the first course I took! If only I had found Proud Photography first!â? ~Bob Regal, Indianapolis âJ ust wanted to let you know that I finally WON a photography contest! Iâve been entering contests for four years, but never won first place in any category. I guess there was just that extra little something missing in my images. But now Iâm finally a winner! I got first place in the People and Places category in a contest sponsored by the photography department of our local college. And itâs all thanks to your awesome online photography course!â? ~Joe Smithers, Cleveland â m a busy mom with two kids, and I work full-time. But photography has been my hobby for years. I wanted to take my skills to the next level, but I never had time to take photography courses in the evenings at the local community college. But your online course allowed me to work at my own pace, whenever I could fit it in to my schedule. And my photos have never looked better! Thank you, Proud Photography!â? ~Shutterbug and Mom, Phoenix âF or 20 years Iâve used a 35 mm camera. I swore Iâd never use a digital camera, because what you see through the viewfinder isnât always what you get. But I really liked the idea of being able to share photos with friends and family online--and of not cluttering the house with yet another photo album! So I signed up for your online photography course. Not only did your pros teach me how to use--and love--my new digital camera, but they also showed me the pros and cons of digital vs. 35 mmâs. So now I can choose which camera to use for which situations!â? ~Sam Dermott, Illinois Skip What's new in our blog What's new in our blog Working With Models Camera Bag Essentials Does Your Camera Brand Matter Anymore? Photographs â Back Them Up Or Lose Them Advertise Now For Summer Wedding Photography Business Skip Our Partners Our Partners Your link here? You are not logged in. ( Log in ) EMAIL: PASSWORD: remember me: HOME SELF-PACED COURSES Better Photography 101 Creative Composition LightingExposure Better Photoshop INTERACTIVE COURSES InteractiveCourses Browse Topics How They Work Course Catalog 4-week 8-week Pro Instructors FAQ What They're Saying Rewards Program Find Your Course PHOTOS Photos Photos Of The Day Contest Winners By Subject Favorite Photos New Arrivals Get a Gallery CONTEST Contest Recent Entries Editor's Picks Finalists Winners Monthly Theme Prizes Guidelines WEBSITES Your Own Website Deluxe Pro Compare Domain Names FAQ Current Deluxe Current Pro Sites Testimonials Become a Better Photographer Today! FREE PHOTO TIPS: Get your free Better Photography Tips from our pros Metcalf Win big! Enter our monthly contest! Jim Miotke Founder, BetterPhoto.com No Questions Asked My promise to you on your own schedule or get feedback from a pro instructor . Share your photos in a gallery or website. Discuss photos and the creative art of photography with other like-minded photography enthusiasts around the world. Your satisfaction is guaranteed What's trending at BetterPhoto... What else is new... 2014: March Short Courses! 2014: March/April 8-Week Courses! Subscribe to our Free Newsletters EMAIL: Subscribe to our free newsletters! Home Self-Paced Courses Interactive Courses Membership Sitemap About | Help Contact Copyright Š 1996-2014 BetterPhoto.com, Inc.Ž All Rights Reserved. Phil Steele - Steele Training Tweet Your tutorials are the best I have found in 12 years of using a camera! Bert Fedor - Birmingham, AL Home Courses Free tutorials About Contact Login Learn Photography and Image Editing the Easy Way! Online video courses make you an expert... Fast! Online FREE Tutorials Enjoy dozens of tutorials, from beginner to expert, on techniques, camera gear, post production more! See Free Tutorials Online Video Courses Instant access means you can start learning right now! See Courses Learn Flash Techniques Master on-camera and off-camera flash for amazing event photos! See Courses What our customers are saying How to Shoot Professional Looking Headshots Learn More Lightroom Made Easy! Online Video Course Learn More Flash Photography Tips and Tricks Learn More FREE Online TutorialsView Now! Depth of Field Flash Photography Model Shoot Photoshop Layer Blending Take Better Photos Color Correction Red Eye Removal Perspective Correction Lightroom Workflow DSLR Focus Tips Canon 580EX II Settings Canon Speedlite to buy? Canon 430EX vs 430 EX II Canon 320EX Canon Flash Blinking Display Nikon SB-900 Wireless Triggers Kodak Zi8 vs Flip UltraHD Yongnuo RF-602 Phottix Strato Photoshop Basics for Photographers Learn the core Photoshop skills every photographer needs. Master the Photoshop techniques that will take your photos from 'OK' to 'Awesome' . Learn More About Steele Training In my own attempt to learn photography, I became frustrated by what I perceived as an "information gap." On the one hand, I found plenty of free information online, but it was unpredictable in quality and completely disorganized. Seeking it out and separating the gems from the junk simply became a waste of time... Read More Testimonials You are a credit to the photography industry Samit Desai, New Zealand I learn more from your courses than I do from any other instructors Gary Bonard, Chula Vista, CA FAQ Privacy Policy Affiliates Tutorials Reviews Steele Training LLC Tweet Google Profile 855.260.0111 Student Portal Login Search Apply Request Info Get Started About Brooks Welcome from the President Campuses Accreditation & Affiliations Board of Trustees Faculty, Staff, & Administration History of Brooks Institute Mission and Vision Corporate Partners Brooks Institute Scholarships Brooks Institute Galleries Brooks Institute Events Press Room Degree Programs Bachelor's Degrees Master's Degrees School of Film | Communication BFA in Film BFA in Graphic Design BS in Visual Journalism School of Photography BFA in Professional Photography MFA in Photography Tuition and Fees Academic Calendar Catalog Student and Faculty Gallery Learning Resources Liberal Arts at Brooks Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Student Admissions High School Students Veteran Students Virtual Tour Campus Tours & Visits Before You Arrive New Student Orientation Is Brooks Right for You? Documents and Resources Tell a Friend About Brooks Institute Tuition & Financial Aid Money Matters How to Apply for Financial Aid International Students Financing Options Financial Aid FAQs Financial Aid Tools Code of Conduct Student Life Online Communities Brooks Alumni The Brooks Blog Career Services Internships Brooks Library Travel Abroad Student Government Student Organizations Student Housing Brooks Institute Creative Kickstart: A Video Series with Chris Orwig Request Information Request Information â International Students Disclosures Industry Access Our experienced faculty includes recognized filmmakers, photographers, graphic designers and visual journalists. Learn More California Creativity Brooks Institute is well-situated along the West Coast media arts corridor. Learn More Global Outlook Students have the opportunity to study abroad on either group or individual documentary trips, such as the Brooks Institute South Africa project. Learn More Exposure Experience Brooks Instituteâs talent in our online gallery. Learn More Career Achievement Alumni success stories underscore the value of a Brooks education. Learn More On Location Find resource-rich learning environments on campus and in the field: Summer in Paris 2012. Learn More Photography Film | Visual Journalism | Graphic Design Graduate Programs News February 25, 2014 - General ... Six Top Graphic Design Websites of 2013 February 20, 2014 - General ... What Makes a Successful Book to Film Adaptation? More School of Photography BFA in Professional Photography MFA in Photography Learn more School of Film | Communication BFA in Film BFA in Graphic Design BS in Visual Journalism Learn more Graduate Programs MFA in Photography Learn more Life at Brooks Passionate and Focused Read the latest stories from our students, faculty and alumni on the Brooks blog. More Virtual Tour Get an inside look at our campuses and facilities. More Brooks Workshops Brooks Institute offers events and programs for the public, enthusiasts, professionals and educators. More Student Life Get the scoop on campus life, from career and alumni services to student internships and organizations. More Gallery Exhibitions Students Faculty Alumni View Gallery View Gallery View Gallery View Gallery About Welcome History Mission Accreditation Faculty Staff Santa Barbara and Ventura Brooks Workshops Student Faculty Gallery Facilities and Equipment Degree Programs School of Photography School of Film | Communication Tuition and Fees Academic Calendar Catalog Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Students High School Students Military Students Documents Resources Request Information Apply Now Tuition Financial Aid Net Price Calculator How To Apply International Students Financial Aid Options Financial Aid FAQs Financial Aid Tools Student Life Transcript Request Online Communities Alumni Career Services Student Portal Login Student Faculty Gallery Travel Abroad Student Housing Contact Us 888.276.4999 805.585.8000 info@brooks.edu Copyright Brooks Institute. All rights reserved. No information may be duplicated without Brooks Institute's permission. Brooks Institute cannot guarantee employment or salary. Privacy Statement Legal Terms and Conditions | Student Outcomes/Disclosures | Sitemap , you may be eligible for a $0.00 annual Barry University scholarship! Acknowledge Barry University Department of Fine Arts Photography (BFA, BA) Barry Home Contact Us Sign In Apply Now Fine Arts Art BFA/BA Photography BFA/BA Photography MFA/MA Music BM/BA Theatre BFA/BA Gallery Calendar About the Program Faculty Facilities Admissions Financial Aid Life at Barry skip to content Barry University College of Arts and Sciences Department of Fine Arts Photography (BFA, BA) Why Photography at Barry? Careers in Photography Program Options Photography Biomedical and Forensic Specialization What is the difference between a BFA and a BA? Course Descriptions myBarry Login Create Account Create admissions profile Check on application status Admissions Apply Now Request Information Ask Us a Question Schedule a Visit Connect with us Why Photography at Barry? Focus on Photography Barry University's undergraduate photography program is designed to immerse you in the field. While many other schools offer an Art degree with supplemental photography courses, we feel that a dedicated degree in Photography will offer you a greater depth of knowledge and experience. You will have the opportunity to focus solely on photography, or elect more art courses if you wish to add a more diversified education in other mediums. You can choose between the Bachelor of Fine Arts degree and the Bachelor of Arts degree, and your academic advisor will assist you in choosing the electives that will prepare you to meet your personal and professional goals. (For more information, see: What is the difference between a BFA and a BA? ) Traditional and Digital As you compare programs from different universities, you may find that many schools are shutting down their darkrooms to concentrate solely on digital photography. Barry is committed to maintaining the tradition of film and the darkroom, while offering the latest advances in the digital medium. You will have the opportunity to explore and experiment, combining vintage techniques with cutting-edge digital technology to achieve hybrid results. We believe that there is no need for us to choose one over the other; they're both complimentary components of photography. As such, you can choose to focus on either one, or both. Experienced Faculty Barry's Department of Fine Arts is dynamic. All Photography faculty are exhibiting artists and very active in their field. Their diverse backgrounds and styles lead to diversity of thought within the department. You will receive individualized attention and learn from professional artists, as we do not hire student teaching assistants as faculty. Small Classes As a photography major you will have access to the facilities seven days a week, and class are capped at reasonable sizes to ensure that you receive individualized attention. Your opportunities are limited only by your own degree of motivation. South Florida Advantages Barry University's proximity to downtown Miami and Miami Beach is a definite advantage for photography students. You will have access to South Florida's culture and art scene, which is an international connection for commercial and fashion photography, and, more recently, cutting-edge fine arts. Oh oh .... We are sorry but it appears that JavaScript is disabled on your browser. Our site is very interactive and it requires JavaScript to be enabled. Click on the link below for instructions on how to enable JavaScript on your browser. Enable JavaScript on your browser About Barry Contact us Career Opportunities Locations Accreditation News and Media Privacy Policy Copyright Department of Fine Arts 11300 NE 2nd Avenue, Miami Shores, FL 33161-6695 Phone number: 305-899-3100 Toll-free: 1-800-695-2279 E-mail: admissions@mail.barry.edu 2010-2014 Barry University. All Rights Reserved. skip to top About ELAC President's Message Mission Statement Accreditation Administration Members Board of Trustees District Administration Students Student Services Student Life Student Services Technology Resources Health & Safety Counseling/Programs Office Hours Frequently Asked Questions Student.LACCD.edu (Academic Email Account) Commencement 2013 Student VTEA Survey Student Email Update Instructions Student Learning Outcomes, What Students Need to Know Find Your Course Learning Outcomes Emergency Notifications Voter Registration Faculty & Staff Administrative Portal College Services MyPlan Portal Administrative Portal Accreditation Aetna: 2012 Promotional Calendar AFT Campus Map Campus Sheriffs Station Child Development Center College Mission Statement CollegeBuys Purchasing Programs Commencement 2013 Construction Contact Payroll Hotline Emergency Alerts Employee E-Mail Access (imail.elac.edu) Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Faculty & Staff Resources (LACCD) Illness, Injury & Prevention Program Information Technology LACCD Employee Self Service Portal Online Faculty Services Office of Institutional Effectiveness Parking Information Plant Facilities Receiving Reprographics/Mailroom Student Discipline Rideshare Teaching Learning Center and Staff Development Telephone Directory Grant Office (Title V) TracDac Vincent Price Art Museum Wealth & Home Ownership WebFaculty Roster Online Committees Faculty Bulletins Faculty Websites Health Benefits (pdf) Online Forms/Systems SharePoint External Access Instructions Workforce Education Calworks Career Tech Program Community Services (Extension Courses) Economic Development Noncredit Department Advancement Foundation Grants Athletics Department Directory Scholar Athletes Sports Medicine Men's Sports Baseball Basketball Cross Country Football Soccer Track & Field Wrestling Women's Sports Badminton Basketball Cross Country Softball Soccer Swim Track & Field Volleyball Water Polo Photography Dept. Home Learn More About Photography Faculty Staff Course Information College Catalog Certificates Degrees Course Descriptions Transfer Curriculum Brochure (pdf) Schedule of Classes ELAC Academics Academic Departments Welcome to Photography Department: Have you dreamed of becoming a photographer? Contact Information: Robert Aaron Lyle, Chairperson lylera@elac.edu Department Location E7 B016B Phone (323) 265-8810 Announcements: Learn More About Photography East Los Angeles College - 1301 Avenida Cesar Chavez - Monterey Park, CA 91754-6099 - Campus Phone: (323) 265-8650 LAColleges.net | LACCDBuildsGreen.org Last Updated: 8/19/09 Type Size: Search Site Top Links: Employee Directory Contact Us MyCCSF CCSF Guides: Future Students Community Main Navigation: Student Services Admissions & Records/Registration Matriculation Services Veterans Services Outreach & Recruitment Financial Aid Student Counseling Learning Resources Student Activities Student Health Services Student Affairs Disabled Students Educational Programs CCSF Catalog Class Schedule Faculty Instructional Calendar Schools & Departments Academic Departments Career & Technical Education Continuing Education Contract Education Distance Learning Honors Program Working Adults Degree Program Our Locations Airport Chinatown/North Beach Civic Center Downtown Evans Fort Mason Gough Street John Adams Mission Ocean Southeast Library Finding Information Research Help Library Services About the Library Chinese Home Page Recursos en EspaĂąol Employee Services Office of Instruction Educational Technology Scheduling Office Media Services Information Technology Services Maintenance, Buildings & Grounds Human Resources Research, Planning & Grants Professional/Staff Development Frequently Used Forms Payroll About City College An Overview of City College Mission and Vision Statement Sustainability Pan American Unity Mural Administration Board of Trustees Upcoming Events Participatory Governance Marketing & Public Information Jobs at CCSF Contact Us Accreditation Outcomes & Assessment Breadcrumb Schools Departments School of Visual and Performing Arts, Journalism and Speech Photography Send to a Friend Print Page Photography Degree, Certificates and Transfers Prerequisite Information Facilities and Lab Hours Faculty and Staff Scholarships & Awards Industry Advisors Photography Links SLO Assessment Photography Alumni Contact Us Photography Welcome Join our email list or follow us on facebook or our blog . The City College of San Francisco's Photography Department is one of the oldest and largest programs in the country with over two dozen courses and more than thirty Instructors. We offer a broad selection of classes including but not limited to Digital Photography Imaging, History and Aesthetics of Photography, Advanced BW Darkroom Techniques, Advanced Studio Lighting, Mixed Media Processes and Business Practices of Photography. Our faculty and staff consist of experienced professionals who create an environment that encourages creativity, technical aptitude and critical thinking. Whether your interest is as a fine artist, commercial photographer or enthusiast, we will provide the means and guidance that will help you achieve your goals. Check out our department's current events and see some of our student work THE PHOTOGRAPHY PROGRAM OFFERS Associate of Science Photography Certficates of Completion Transfer Opportunities LEARNING OUTCOMES â˘ Use the traditional tools and techniques of photography. â˘ Develop skills in digital technologies. â˘ Apply concepts and aesthetics to create and evaluate photographic images. â˘ Satisfy academic transfer requirements to institutions of higher learning. â˘ Commercial Photography â˘ Portrait Event Photography â˘ Fine Art Photography â˘ Editorial Photography â˘ Documentary Photography â˘ Photographic Lab Technician â˘ Photo Assisting â˘ Digital Imaging Artist â˘ Photo Retoucher â˘ Gallery or Museum Assistant â˘ Digital Archivist Quick Links Admissions and Records Student Services Schedule of Classes Spring 2014 Programs and Courses SEE ALSO: Photography in Continuing Education Portable Document File Schedule of Photography Classes - Spring14.pdf Events & News Virtual Gallery Tutorials Gallery Obscura Public Lecture Series (PHOT52) Donate to the Department Internships Student Employment CONTACTS AND QUESTIONS: DEPARTMENT CHAIR Bob Nishihira rnishihi@ccsf.edu Erika Gentry Bob McAteer rmcateer@ccsf.edu Steven Raskin sraskin@ccsf.edu TO SCHEDULE A CHALLENGE TEST : DEPARTMENT SECRETARY jbilodea@ccsf.edu PHOTO ISSUE ROOM: MAILING ADDRESS: Bottom Navigation: Home Site Index Jobs at CCSF Support CCSF Legal Information Site Map Contact Us Accredited by the Accrediting Commission for Community and Junior Colleges of the Western Association of Schools and Colleges Home About Us Programs Galleries Events Resources Links Contact Us Highlighted Photographer Jing Yu "Day after Day" my.ryerson.ca | Directory Search Ryerson.ca Submit Search HOME PROGRAM FACULTY & STAFF ADMISSIONS FACILITIES & RESOURCES CONTACTS Learn more about the FPPCM program Learn more about the FPPCM program See Admissions Requirements See where Graduates go post-grad See Internship Opportunities PROGRAM INFORMATION Fueled by the dramatic changes taking place in the world of both photography and film with the advent and growth of digital technology, our master of arts (MA) program in Film and Photography Preservation and Collections Management now offers specializations in both film and photo preservation. Our unique curriculum is developed and delivered by a range of specialists, from historians of photography and film to library and archival professionals. The two-year course of study will prepare graduates to meet the challenges faced by institutions and organizations that strive to manage, maintain and develop object- and digital-based collections. CONTACT US Ryerson University Program Administrator gradppcm@ryerson.ca Anne Cibola (right) and Samantha Ackerley (left) from the class of 2014 cohort at the Canadian Centre for Architecture for their summer 2013 internship. Laura Ramsey from the 2013 cohort at the Edward Burtynsky Studio for her summer 2012 internship. QUICK LINKS How to Apply Program Funding Summer Internships Funding for US Students Our Graduates School of Graduate Studies PPCM Brochure Academic Schedule Courses Photography Preservation Video Film Preservation Video Ryerson's FPPCM Programme and Recent Developments at George Eastman House OK Skip to main content This page location is: SMC Academic Programs Photography Pages default Sign In Corsair Connect Library SMC Online Class Schedule College Catalog District Calendar Maps Directory Admissions Enrollment Information Financial Aid Student Records Apply Online Dates & Deadlines Programs of Study Areas of Study Curriculum Departments/Majors Distance Education Special Programs Student Services Associated Students Athletics Counseling Programs Health & Safety Transfer Services Campus Resources Bookstore Corsair Newspaper EEO/Diversity Human Resources Institutional Research College Governance Board of Trustees College Governance Groups District Planning & Policy Management Org Chart Senior Administration Faculty & Staff Class Roster/ISIS Access Faculty Guide Faculty Homepages Faculty/Staff E-mail Technology Resources Show/Hide Expanded Menu Page Content Visit Santa Monica College Photography Website Degrees Certificates Associate in Arts Certificate of Achievement, Photography Resources Faculty Photography Events Contact Info Location Business Building 120 Departmental Phone Number (310) 434-3547 Ford Lowcock Department Chair Carlota Bennett Department secretary Office Hours Â Monday - Friday 1pm - 5pm Â  PhotographyÂ Department Welcome Â  Santa Monica College (SMC), a 2-year public school, which has the widest course offerings in Southern California of any other public 2-year college. We offer classes in all areas of photography from the basics in film and digital, to advanced techniques in image creation, output and shooting. We have 10 shooting bays for our intermediate and advanced studio production classes. We offer a new class in the fundamentals of hdSLR capture and printing through Lightroom. In the spring ofÂ 2010, we startedÂ offering a uniqueÂ class that teaches digital video production for still photographers. We have a business of photography class to open your eyes on filling your bank account. Â  We enjoy continued support from many industry groups that includes: Bogen Imaging, who inÂ 2008Â picked only 10 photography programs across the US for an incredible $40,000 equipment gift! Yes, SMC was one of thoseÂ 10. We also recieveÂ support from: Canon, Epson, Adobe, The MAC Group, Photoworkshop.com and local vendors, Samyâs Camera, Freestyle Photographic Supply, Woodland Hills Camera, Bel Air Camera, AI Photographic Services and others all who continue to support our program and our students making us stronger in what we teach. We have articulation agreements with Brooks Institute of Photography, Santa Barbara, California,Â Art Institute of Colorado, Denver, Colorado and Savannah College of Art and Design, Savannah, Georgia. This means you earn an AA degree from SMC; you can transfer to any of these 4-year schools as a junior saving yourself $40,000+. Â  Santa Monica College 1900 Pico Boulevard Santa Monica, CA 90405 USA (310) 434-4000 Accessibility Statement Contact Us Photography Orchard Ridge Royal Oak Campuses FPA Home | Program Requirements | Course Descriptions The Department of Photography at Oakland Community College has been a leader in photographic training in southeastern Michigan, since 1968. The facilities and program offerings are shared between two campuses, the Orchard Ridge Campus located in Farmington Hills and the Royal Oak Campus The experienced faculty and staff offer students a creative atmosphere in which they can earn a two year Associates of Applied Science Degree in Photographic Technology . Instructors challenge students to think, create, explore and expand their understanding of photographic principles as they work toward their goals. The twelve photography courses in the program provide a broad photographic experience which include courses in black white, color, studio, digital imaging, history, digital video, and special projects in photography. Group and individual critiques are an important part of the program. Many students also transfer to four year institutions to complete a Bachelor of Arts degree. 22 color stations and a professional color processing system (Royal Oak Campus) 25 station digital imaging/video laboratory featuring Macintosh computers with Adobe Photoshop and FinalCut Pro software (Orchard Ridge Campus) 25 station digital imaging laboratory featuring Intel computers with Adobe Photoshop software (Royal Oak Campus) For more information contact: Nick Valenti , Faculty, Chair Fine and Performing Arts nickvalenti@mac.com Photographic Technology (PHT) Orchard Ridge Royal Oak Campus This program provides professional and technical experience in still black and white, color, digital photography, and digital video. Emphasis is on developing skills necessary for graduates to be employed as photographers, photographic assistants and lab technicians in business, industry, advertising, journalism, medical institutions, studios, and schools. Graduates may also be self-employed as professional photographers and retailers. CATALOG PROGRAM REQUIREMENTS Major Requirements Course Code Course Name Credits PHO 1220 ~ * Fundamentals of Photography 3 PHO 1500 * Advanced Photography 3 PHO 1550 * History of Photography 3 PHO 1700 * Beginning Digital Photography 4 PHO 2050 * Studio Photography 3 PHO 2100 * Color Photography 3 PHO 2110 * Advanced Color Photography 3 PHO 2402-3 * Special Projects in Photography 2-3 PHO 2452-3 * Special Projects in Digital Photography 2-3 PHO 2700 * Advanced Digital Photography 4 Secondary Requirements Course Code Course Name Credits ART 1510 ~ Basic Drawing 3 ART 1520 ~ Basic Design 3 ART 1560 Art Appreciation 3 GCA 1100 Fundamentals of Graphic Design 3 GCA 1150 Fundamentals of Advertising Design 3 HUM 1900 ~ Introduction to Film 3 LIB 1010 Introduction to Media Technology 3 PHO 1800 Fundamentals of Digital Video 4 PHO 2800 Advanced Digital Video 4 SPE 1290 ~ Interpersonal Communication 3 Required Supportive Courses Course Code Course Name Credits ART 2600 Modern American Art History 3 BUS 1100 Introduction to Business 4 BUS 1210 Starting and Operating a Small Business 3 BUS 1310 Principles of Supervision 3 BUS 2530 Principles of Management 3 COM 1550 Introduction to Broadcasting 3 MAT 1010 Business Mathematics 3 RET 1010 Principles of Retailing 3 SSC 2710 ~ Mass Media and Society 3 ~ General Education courses listed as Required Supportive may be used to meet requirements of the General Education component. * When all courses marked with an asterisk are completed, the student may apply for a Certificate. CATALOG COURSE DESCRIPTIONS / PHOTOGRAPHY (PHO ) Fundamentals of Photography PHO 1220 (3 credits) Advanced Photography PHO 1500 (3 credits) Prerequisite: PHO 1220 History of Photography PHO 1550 (3 credits) Prerequisite: PHO 1220 or consent of instructor Beginning Digital Photography PHO 1700 (4 credits) Fundamentals of Digital Video PHO 1800 (4 credits) Studio Photography PHO 2050 (3 credits) Prerequisites: PHO 1500 or consent of instructor Color Photography PHO 2100 (3 credits) Prerequisite: PHO 1500 Advanced Color Photography PHO 2110 (3 credits) Prerequisites: PHO 2100 Special Projects in Photography PHO 2402-3 (2-3 credits) Prerequisites: PHO 1500 or consent of instructor Special Projects in Digital Photography PHO 2452-3 (2-3 credits) Prerequisites: PHO 1700 or PHO 2700 Advanced Digital Photography PHO 2700 (4 credits) Prerequisite: PHO 1700 Advanced Digital Video PHO 2800 (4 credits) Prerequisite: PHO 1800 Skip Navigation Directories Search RIT College of Imaging Arts Sciences Search CIAS Schools Schools American Crafts Art Design Film Animation Photographic Arts Sciences Media Sciences Foundations Department Select school American Crafts View School Page Undergraduate Ceramics (BFA) Furniture Design (BFA) Glass (BFA) Metalcrafts Jewelry Design (BFA) Graduate Ceramics (MFA) Furniture Design (MFA) Glass (MFA) Metalcrafts Jewelry Design (MFA) Other Furniture Design (AOS) Art View School Page Undergraduate Fine Arts Studio (BFA) Illustration (BFA) Medical Illustration (BFA) Graduate Art Education MST (Visual Arts-All Grades) (MST) Fine Arts Studio (MFA) Design View School Page Undergraduate 3D Digital Design (BFA) Graphic Design (BFA) Industrial Design (BFA) Interior Design (BFA) New Media Design (BFA) Graduate Industrial Design (MFA) Visual Communication Design (MFA) Other Vignelli Center for Design Studies Film Animation View School Page Undergraduate Animation (BFA) Motion Picture Science (BS) Production (BFA) Graduate Film and Animation (MFA) Other Film Festivals and Awards Global Filmmaking SoFA Alumni Photographic Arts Sciences View School Page Undergraduate Advertising Photography (BFA) Biomedical Photographic Communications (BS) Fine Art Photography (BFA) Imaging Photographic Technology (BS) Photojournalism (BFA) Visual Media (BFA) Graduate Imaging Arts, Photography and Related Media (MFA) Other 4D Design Imaging Systems (Minor) Non-Credit Bearing Photography Imaging Courses Photography How Tos School Timeline SPAS Academic Advisors SPAS Careers and Employment SPAS Course Offerings Media Sciences View School Page Undergraduate Media Arts and Technology (BS) Graduate Print Media (MS) Other Print Media (Minor) Foundations Department View School Page Undergraduate Foundations Classes Tour Faculty Staff Prospective Students Gallery Events News CIAS Channel Contact Apply Online Home Photographic Arts Sciences Photographic Arts Sciences Overview Facilities Faculty Staff Events News Contact Us STAY CONNECTED School of Photographic Arts Sciences Follow us on Twitter Find us on Facebook Youtube Blog Programs Undergraduate Advertising Photography (BFA) Biomedical Photographic Communications (BS) Fine Art Photography (BFA) Imaging Photographic Technology (BS) Photojournalism (BFA) Visual Media (BFA) Graduate Imaging Arts, Photography and Related Media (MFA) Other 4D Design Imaging Systems (Minor) Non-Credit Bearing Photography Imaging Courses Photography How Tos School Timeline SPAS Academic Advisors SPAS Careers and Employment SPAS Course Offerings Welcome Charles Arnold Lecture Series , the RIT Big Shot , along with non-credit bearing summer workshops .For more than 100 years, SPAS has been dedicated to creative and professional enrichment, preparing students for distinguished careers as creative and innovative leaders. Photographic Sciences Photographic Arts here . The Advertising Photography program prepares you for a diverse and ... Explore Program Building on experiences gained from a strong technical foundations curriculum ... Explore Program The Fine Art Photography program prepares you for a career ... Explore Program Building on experiences gained from a strong technical foundations curriculum ... Explore Program The Photojournalism program will inspire you to document the emotions, ... Explore Program The Visual Media program allows the student to integrate the ... Explore Program The Imaging Arts Master of Fine Arts (MFA) program in ... Explore Program 4D Design introduces students to the basic concepts of art ... Explore Program The Minor in Imaging Systems provides an immersive introduction to ... Explore Program PHOTO UNIVERSITY offers non-credit bearing photography and imaging courses during ... Explore Program SPAS is all about teaching students how to do amazing ... Explore Program The School of Photographic Arts and Sciences has experienced many ... Explore Program Side by side with faculty, academic advisors help our students ... Explore Program SPAS aims to educate students who are ready to enter ... Explore Program SPAS offers a wide variety of courses. For the first ... Explore Program Hundreds brave cold, snow to turn out at High Falls for RITâs 29th Big Shot photograph Learn More Student to participate in annual Big Shot event Learn More âTub time with Tateâ exhibition at NTID Dyer Arts Center opens Feb. 17 Learn More Report Issues or Give Feedback Provide your feedback or report an issue on this page. Leave this blank if you are human. DISCLAIMER | COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT Galleries Bevier Gallery Dean's Gallery Gallery r William Harris Gallery CIAS Centers Image Permanence Institute Cross-Media Innovation Center Vignelli Center for Design Studies Faculty Students Faculty Staff Login Inside CIAS Student Showcase Student Groups Prospective Students Why Attend CIAS? Pathfinder Portfolio Requirements Transfer Students Contact CIAS CIAS Alumni Navigation Home corsi courses Triennale di fotografia Three years course Contemporary Photographic Practice MFA Contemporary Photographic Practice MFA base di fotografia introductory course fotografia per adolescenti photography for teenagers fotoritocco photo retouch fotogiornalismo photo journalism fotografia teatrale e di scena theater and stage photography corso audiovisivo corso audiovisivo fotografia di ritratto portrait mini corsi della fsm mini courses fsm fotografia di moda fashion photography Universit dell'et libera Universit dell'et libera photography courses workshop workshop mostre exhibitions eventi events chi siamo about us studenti students contatti about us CORSO DI FOTOGRAFIA DI MODA INIZIO CORSO 1 MARZO 2014 CORSO PROFESSIONALE DI AUDIOVISIVO INIZIO CORSO MARZO 2014 MOSTRA DEGLI STUDENTI DEL CORSO DI RITRATTO 2013 FASHION PHOTOGRAPHY COURSE START ON 1 MARCH 2014 AUDIOVISUAL COURSE COURSE START ON MARCH 2014 STUDENT'S EXHIBITION PORTRAIT COURSE 2013 La Fondazione Studio Marangoni una scuola di fotografia che offre una formazione di alta qualit alle future generazioni di fotografi e artisti , attraverso un differenziato programma didattico interdisciplinare, dal livello base alla specializzazione avanzata. Lambiente internazionale da agli studenti la possibilit di entrare in contatto con professionisti della fotografia e dellarte contemporanea. Fondazione Studio Marangoni is a photography school in Florence which offers training for photographers and artists . The courses offered range from basic to advanced/professional and include contact with theinternational contemporary photographic/art world. CORSO DI FOTOGRAFIA TRIENNALE THREE YEAR COURSE Corso Triennale di Fotografia mira a sviluppare la visione fotografica personale dello studente e a prepararlo alla professione. Il programma cura tutti gli aspetti teorici e pratici inerenti la tecnica e l. leggi tutto Three-Year Professional Course in Photography aims to develop the personal photographic vision of the students and to prepare them for a professional career. The program includes all practical and technical aspects, as well as an in-depth development of the theoretical approach and visual expression. read more CORSI BREVI DI FOTOGRAFIA THREE MONTH COURSES Corso di fotogiornalismo Inizio 1 febbraio 2014 Photojournalism course start on 1st february 2014 Corso di fotografia teatrale e di scena Inizio corso aprile 2014 Theater and stage photography Course start on april 2014 Nuovo corso base di fotografia Inizio febbraio 2014 New introductory course february 2014 Corso di fotografia di moda Inizio 8 marzo 2014 Fashion Photography Course start on 8th march 2014 Corso professionale di audiovisivo Inizio corso marzo 2014 Audiovisual course  Course start on march 2014 MINI CORSI DELLA FSM MINI COURSES FSM Introduzione a Adobe Lightroom Introduction to Adobe Lightroom iPhoneography iPhoneography Photoshop avanzato Advanced Photoshop Il ritratto fotografico con gli speedlite The photographic portrait with speedlite m-mag il magazine online della Fondazione Studio Marangoni dedicato alla fotografia contemporanea italiana e internazionale. m-mag nasce dalla voglia di dare vita a una piattaforma visiva dinamica, un punto di riferimento e di condivisione di opinioni, interviste, testi, video e fotografie. m-mag un contenitore di idee, aperto, creato da collaboratori ed ex-studenti della Fondazione Studio Marangoni. m-mag approfondisce varie tematiche fotografiche con testi di fotografi e critici, interviste, portfolio di nuovi talenti, di studenti ed ex-studenti. entra Tweet I nostri Partner NAV Home Contattaci February 25, 2014 Posts Comments Blackthorn School of Photography Training for professional photographers, by professional photographers Training Courses Bespoke Group Tuition Bespoke 121 Tuition Gift vouchers Our Tutors Join our email list Local Accommodation Location Contact The Blackthorn School of Photography Welcome to the Blackthorn The Blackthorn Centre School of Photography provides the highest quality training courses in every aspect of digital photography within our professionally equipped classroom and studio, and can meet the needs of total beginners through to established professionals. The Blackthorn is an established and respected professional photography training centre which started life in the 1990s. It was linked to the further education process, before choosing to become independent, opening the door to a wider variety of courses. It is the first photographic school in the UK to be approved by and linked to the Guild of Photographers, giving it access to some of the UKs finest photographic tutors,Â totally committed toÂ delivering high quality and great value training with no gimmicks! Who are the courses for? We have courses and tutors to cover all levels of skill and all interests, so if you have in interest in developing your photography skills we can help you with that journey It really is that simple! Each course has been carefully designed to guide you through every aspect of the subject in a clear and logical way, yet encouraging and nurturing your individual creativity. Also, the class sizes are kept very small to ensure you get as much as possible from your course!! We even offer bespoke 121 and group training opportunities! We can help the enthusiast get more from their camera, and the professional tweak their processes, as well as assist people attain associational accreditation and educational qualifications (we have taught teachers)as we have done for many years!! The entire course was very well structured, incredibly informative and, above all, fun. Highly recommended, and we doubt youll learn the skills âŚ. anywhere else. -Â  Digital Photographer Magazine I can say without hesitation that I learned more in two days than I have in the past two years. To anybody else who is as sceptical as I was as to the value of investing in training, it has opened more doors in my mind than any number of new lenses or lights ever could. Absolutely recommended -Â  Jay Mawson, Student My first visit to this centre. A very high standard of work an obviously enthusiastic team. Refreshing to see! -Â  Ian Kent-Robinson, City Guilds AssessorÂ  FACEBOOK TWITTER Starting DSLR Digital Photography Understanding your Camera and its Controls Mar 1, 2014 10:00 am This two day course is an introduction to the digital medium and the photographic techniques needed to produce quality images with a minimum of manipulation afterwards. The course will appeal to the novice photographer, the photographer looking at improving their general photography skills, or the photographer who is not getting the hoped-for results. We start [] An Insight into Photography Mar 8, 2014 10:00 am This half day course is perfect for the novice or anyone who is not getting the type of image they would like to get when taking photographs. Within a few hours we will give an insight into the principles of how a camera works and how to compose stronger images. It is a session [] Planning, Shooting, Editing and Selling Childrens Lifestyle Portraits *SOLD OUT* Mar 16, 2014 10:00 am Successfully managing a lifestyle location shoot with children is incredibly hard. Kate will share her experience with how she plans locations and wardrobe, the kind of light she looks for and which lenses give her the best results. She will demonstrate how she works with children on a real shoot and finally she will also [] The Blackthorn is situated on a farm surrounded by the rolling Wiltshire countryside by the ancient market town of Cricklade within easy travelling distance from Swindon, Bristol, Gloucester, Cheltenham, Cirencester, Oxford, Bath, Reading, Berkshire and Oxfordshire. If travelling from further afield such as London, Birmingham, Manchester, Liverpool, Newcastle or Kent, we can assist in arranging accommodation as required. Return to top of page Copyright 2014 Genesis Framework WordPress Log in 
