 Products IT Services Download Support Shop 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 muldrato is a software tool for translation of technical documentation (CAT CAD). It is based on a phrases dictionary. It  allows to translate dxf/dwg drawings into any language.  muldrato is a standalone, CAD independent application and makes possible to get a perfect translation  in a few easy steps. more TwinView TwinView is a professional CAD data viewer and editor. It supports the following formats: - DXF/DWG (10.2012), DGN, HPGL, DWF, DWFx, PDF as well as numerous raster formats. The Edit version includes the PDF-Import function, which enables to edit PDF documents and transform them into CAD data. Functions such as contour optimization, drawings calibration, batch print, redlining, print in scale and drawing comparison make CAD data processing and editing easier. TrueDTP   TrueDTP is a professional and precise converter for every kind of CAD and DTP files. It enables DXF, DWG, DGN, DWF, HPGL and PDF files conversion into many vector and raster formats. Batch conversion, path directory, conversion on a scale of 1:1 and many other conversion parameters make conversion flexible and adjusted to the user’s needs. The converter, which has a modern and user-friendly interface, can process layouts and supports SHX and Unicode fonts. TrueDTP is perfect for professional use, especially when reliability and precision are needed. Cad2Cad Solution Box   Cad2Cad Solution Box is a set of professional tools for DXF/DWG files conversion and edition. Solution Box enables conversion from and into DXF/DWG formats , change of version (upgrade, downgrade) as well as layouts, colours, attributes change , etc. Professional plugins as well as optimized spline conversion, contour repair, drawing optimization and block exploding extend the range of Solution Box’s use. Ruplan Converter   The Ruplan Converter enables precise and high quality conversion of both graphic and logic elements between the DXF/DWG (DGN*) formats. Ruplan Converter is a perfect way to convert the RUPLAN documentation into DXF and DWG formats, which, in turn, enables data exchange with every other CAD system. Software components   For software developers we offer a range of components (DLL, ActiveX) which can be integrated in own applications, for example to convert and visualize data. In this way, it is possible to extend own programs with additional functions quickly and effectively. The components are used in the .NET, VB, C# environments. IT Services   As an experienced service provider in the IT branch we offer: specific application programming services on comission, adjustment of existing modules to the client’s needs and consulting services. Our service range includes CAD/CAE data conversion and standardization , creating technical documentation and implementing programs for analyzing CAD/CAE data. CADDTP Viewers - CADDTP data visualization - CAD data editing - Contour optimization, Drawing comparison, PDF and DGN Import - Drawings calibration Scale and batch print read more CADDTP Converters Professional CADDTP format converters for DXF DWG DGN DWF HPGL PDF TIFF. PDF converter allows to import PDF files into CAD Systems. Convert and change file format edition of drawing content ... read more Muldrato © Software tool for translation of technical documentation (CAT CAD). Enables precise dxf/dwg drawings translation into any language.   read more Software components For software developers we offer various software components (DLL, ActiveX) that enable data conversion and visualization, and can be used in the .NET, VB, C# environments.   read more News Translation Services read more Resellers Opportunities read more Translation Module in CADDTP Editor-NEW !!! read more see all CADWORK Poland is both a developer and distributor of CAD applications for creating and reviewing technical documentation. In our work, we mainly focus on CAD software for engineering, architects, construction and surveying offices. Our apps are for those who are involved in performing various types of technical documentation on a daily basis. In our offer, one may find specialist tools such as CAD editors, viewers and converters.   Contact W.E.I.S. Engineering GmbH Co. KG Technologiepark Hanau Rodenbacher Chaussee 6 63457 Hanau Germany tel: +49 / 6181 / 9888 032 fax: +49 / 6181 / 9888 034   English Deutsch Polski About Us News Impressum Cooperation Shop Newsletter Contact 
