 Skip to Content Site Map Enter Search Terms Hammock Laboratory of Pesticide Biotechnology Lab News Research Overview Mammalian Enzymology Research Analytical Chemistry Research Insect Biology Research Our People Professor Research Staff Postdoctoral Researchers Graduate Students Undergraduate Students Administrative Staff Visiting Scholars Publications Epoxide Hydrolase Esterase and Amidase Immunoassay Insect Biology Jobs Hammock Net Alumni & Friends Lab Alumni Address Update Facebook: Hammock Lab Linkedin: Hammock Lab Contact Us Map and Directions University of California Hammock Laboratory of Pesticide Biotechnology Share Print X The Laboratory of Dr. Bruce D. Hammock The biochemical basis of human and environment interactions has been the long term theme of research and training in the Hammock Laboratory. Led by Dr. Hammock, a member of the National Academy of Science, our team of over 40 scientists and students employ a multidisciplinary, integrated approach to research that delves into basic questions of biology and biochemistry that have practical implications for improving both human and environmental health. [ To know more about our research ] Bruce receives the Brodie Award for Outstanding Research in Drug Metabolism Distinguished Professor Bruce Hammock, who holds a joint appointment with the UC Davis Department of Entomology and Nematology and the UC Davis Comprehensive Cancer Center, is the recipient of the biennial Bernard B. Brodie Award in Drug Metabolism , sponsored by American Society for Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics (ASPET). The award consists of a $2,000 honorarium and a commemorative medal. His work will be published in the journal Drug Metabolism and Disposition Full Story More News A therapy for cardiometabolic syndrome Scientists at the Medical College of Wisconsin and UC Davis, led by Dr. John Imig and Dr. Hammock have determined the synergistic actions of inhibiting soluble epoxide hydrolase with tAUCB and activating peroxisome proliferator-activator receptor with the thiazolidinedione rosiglitazone on the pathological progression of cardiometabolic syndrome. Full Story Key discovery involving omega-3 fatty acids and cancer UC Davis researchers have discovered a key mechanism by which dietary omega-3 fatty acids (fish oils) could reduce the tumor growth and spread of cancer, a disease that kills some 580,000 Americans a year. In groundbreaking research, the team of 16 scientists led by Dr. Guodong Zhang of the Bruce Hammock laboratory discovered cytochrome P450 epoxygenase metabolites of omega-3 fatty acid DHA or epoxy docosapentaenoic acids (EDPs) block blood supply to the tumor and thus inhibit tumor growth and metastasis. . Full Story Next Home Department of Entomology UC Davis Superfund Research Program UC Davis Biotechnology Program UC Davis Laboratory of Pesticide Biotechnology Bruce D. Hammock, PI Department of Entomology University of California, Davis One Shields Avenue Davis, CA 95616-8584 (530)752-8465 Page Last Updated: January 31, 2014 All contents and materials 2012, UC Regents Davis Campus. All Rights Reserved. Division of Agriculture and Natural Resources, University of California 2014 Regents of the University of California Division of Agriculture and Natural Resources Nondiscrimination Statement Accessibility Get PDF Reader Get Flash Player Site Information Webmaster Email: 
