 Home About Us News University Homepage Contact Us The Campus My Amrita Sitemap Information ACADEMICS RESEARCH ADMISSIONS FACULTY CAMPUS LIFE MY AMRITA Academics The School follows a credit-based system which is a systematic way of pursuing an educational programme by attaching credits to its components. The credit-based system makes educational programmes easy-to-understandand comparable both nationally and internationally. It facilitates mobility, academic flexibility and universality... Click Here to know more about the programmes offered UG Programmes PG Programmes Doctoral Programmes Research The Amrita School of Biotechnology in Amritapuri is also approved as a Centre of Relevance and Excellence [CORE] in Biomedical Technology under the Department of Science and Technology, Government of India, TIFAC Mission REACH programme. The Centre aims at excellence in multiple dimensions by pioneering interdisciplinary education, research and industrial collaboration.... Click Here to know more about our Research Labs Biomedical Engineering Computational Neuroscience Amrita Aglient Analytical Phytochemistry Labs Venomics Labs Cancer Biology Labs Biotechnology Virtual Labs Admissions Admission to postgraduate courses are through entrance examination followed by an interview.Admission to undergraduate programs is on the basis of aggregate percentage of marks scored in Physics, Chemistry & Biology in Plus two followed by a counselling... Click Here to know more about Admissions procedure UG Programmes PG Programmes Ph.D Programmes Faculty The faculty, well-known and highly respected in their respective academic fraternities, is really what distinguishes school of biotechnology. They are drawn from among the best minds in the world. This affords the school an extensive network of contacts which are instrumental in getting collaborative researches... Click Here to know more about our faculty members Full Time Faculty Members Adjunct Faculty Members Non-teaching Members Campus Life The School of Biotechnology is nestled in a serene campus located adjacent to the scenic backwaters of Kerala and the Arabian Sea. Despite the rigors of a life devoted to excellence in technology, creativity blossoms naturally and the spirit of selfless service adds fragrance to every event... Click Here to know more about Amritapuri Campus Campus Facilities Extra Curricular Activities Social Service Projects Mata Amritanandamayi Math My Amrita . As a university, our quality goals and objectives are to consistently achieve and maintain excellence in student performance with respect to grades, discipline, placement, extracurricular activities and social work, as well as achieving a high level of quality of faculty with educational qualifications, teaching competence, research output... Connect to Amritapuri Campus Intranet Staff AUMS Student AUMS Staff Amrita Mail Student Amrita Mail Vidya: Digital Library Amritapuri Campus People Search Our beloved Amma is the Chancellor, founder, inspiration and guiding light for all institutions under Amrita University. In our continued questfor excellence under Amma's unparalleled leadership... Amrita University is one of India's leading research and teaching universities accredited with the highest grade of 'A' by the National Assessment and Accreditation Council... Amrita School of Biotechnology Alumni Association strives to create and promote a lifelong bond between alumni and students, and inspire them to care about the past, present and future of Amrita... Amrita School of Biotechnology is committed to offer advanced pedagogical and hands-on training in the biological sciences that is, indeed, your stepping stone to success and your calling card... Lee Hartwell visits the School (Bio)Technology for Humanity Dr. Rajendra Pachauri visits the school Invited Talk on Text Mining A new supercomputer built on NVIDIA GPUs installed March 1, 2014 Admissions 2014 begins May 30, 2014 Last date for PG Programmes application June 15, 2014 Last date for UG Programmes application September, 2014 Tin Anniversary at School of Biotechnology September, 2014 FOOTPRINTS : Grand Alumni Meet at School of Biotechnology Home | About Us | University | Contact Us | Academic Calendar 2014 AMRITA VISHWA VIDYAPEETHAM 
