 Skip to Main Content Area Southern Appalachian Botanical Society Primary links Membership Awards About Publications Contact Resources American Institute of Biological Sciences (AIBS) Association of Southeastern Biologists (ASB) The Society of Herbarium Curators (SHC) Southern Appalachian Botanical Society Welcome The Southern Appalachians - the nonglaciated mountainous areas of Alabama, Georgia, South Carolina, North Carolina, Tennessee, Kentucky, Virginia, West Virginia, Maryland, Pennsylvania, and southwestern New York – form an evolutionary center for native plant diversity for the northern temperate regions of the world. In 1935 The Southern Appalachian Botanical Club was formed at West Virginia University for "all persons interested in the botany of the Southern Appalachian Mountains." Today, the name and purpose has changed slightly to the Southern Appalachian Botanical Society (SABS) with its focus on the botany of the eastern states. The membership includes professional and amateur botanists from across the country who are interested in eastern botany, in the journal, and in the activities of the society. Article by A. B. Brooks, 1937 on the American Chestnut tree, Castanea dentata published in Castanea 2(5): 61-67. To view the Table of Contents from issues of the journal, Volume 1 (1936), click here [PDF] Announcements SABS Membership automatically includes online access to all issues of Castanea. The Castanea website allows for access and if you have forgotten your password, click on the help button in the upper right corner of that page. More on SABS membership. Through an agreement with BioOne, SABS members may gain free access all Castanea articles published since 2004. To gain access, click here ; you will then be prompted for a username and password. If you do not know the username and password, please drop an e-mail to Charles Horn at charles.horn@newberry.edu . Contact Charles Horn charles.horn@newberry.edu Footer Links Home Contact EO Policy Emergency Info Text Only Appalachian State University 2014 Appalachian State University. All rights reserved. 
