 Botanical Society of Britain and Ireland County web pages Channel Isles Isles of Scilly Cornwall Somerset Wiltshire Hampshire Sussex Kent Surrey Essex Hertfordshire Middlesex Berkshire Cambridgeshire Huntingdonshire Northamptonshire Warwickshire Staffordshire Shropshire Glamorgan Brecknockshire Cardiganshire Montgomeryshire Merionethshire Denbighshire Anglesey Leicestershire Derbyshire Cheshire Lancashire N.E. Yorkshire South Yorkshire M.W. Yorkshire N.W. Yorkshire Co. Durham S. Northumberland Isle of Man Peeblesshire Berwickshire Fife Kinross South Aberdeenshire Banffshire Westerness Clyde Islands North Ebudes Easter Ross East Sutherland Caithness Orkney Co. Wexford Co. Down Cant find what youre looking for? Use the search box or try the Index . only search www.bsbi.org.uk Web site issues You may have noticed that our server failed on Sunday and the web site was down for a while. It is currently being restored, and the site is being hosted temporarily on another server, so some parts are not working (including the link to the New Journal of Botany). We hope they will be in action again soon. Apologies for any inconvenience. Daffodil season is here again although, surprisingly perhaps, given the warm weather, it seems to be a late spring this year. Click on the picture below to go to the daffodil web site. News events New! Fabulous Rare Plant Register of Northamptonshire Book now for the Wales AGM on 18-20th June, for the Merionethshire recording week 5-8th August or the brambles course on 25-27th July. Book now for the Scottish Summer Meeting on 4-7th June. Training grants now available Field Meetings programme 2014 Ash woodland survey Register now to take part in the baseline survey to monitor change in ash woodland in the event of changes caused by ash dieback. Quick links Altitudes Archive Axiophytes Big Database County Recorders FISCs Grants Herbaria at Home Identify a plant Join the BSBI Mapmate support Maps Members section New Atlas News Obituaries Plant Crib Publicity Blog Rare Plant Registers Site Floras Threatened Plants Project Registered address Botanical Society of Britain Ireland , 57 Walton Road, Shirehampton, Bristol, BS11 9TA. The Botanical Society of Britain Ireland (known as BSBI) is a charity registered in England and Wales (1152954). For general enquiries, the Coordinator is Alex Lockton For society matters, the Hon Gen Sec is Lynne Farrell For membership enquiries and changes of address, the membership secretary is Gwynn Ellis For enquiries about business matters, the admin officer is Clive Lovatt For questions about scientific research, contact Kevin Walker For publicity and events, contact Louise Marsh Donations legacies The BSBI is the leading society in Britain Ireland for the study of plant distribution and taxonomy. Please spare a moment to consider joining and participating in the community of botanical research and study. Follow this link for details of how to join and the benefits of membership. 
