 Managed Forests Provide Forever NEW YORK STATE WOODSMEN'S FIELD DAYS, INC. Welcome to the NYS Woodsmen's Field Days, located in Boonville , New York. A small picturesque town located in the foothills of the Adirondack Mountains in central northern New York State. Left click on any of the above pictures for a larger view. The 2014 Woodsmen's Field Days will be held on August 15, 16, 17. Woodsmen's Field Days General Information , location, food, parking, etc.. Woodsmen's Field Days tentative Schedule of Events . 10K Run and 5K Woodsmen's Walk. General Information On-line Entry Form . Boonville area Motels , Hotels , Bed Breakfast , and Campgrounds . For general information regarding the Men's Women's Contest, including application CLICK HERE Results for the various Woodsmen's Field Days Contest: Results for the 2013 World Lumberjill Results for the 2013 NYS Woodsmen's Open Results for the 2013 Northeast Junior Lumberjack Results from previous Woodsmen's Contest List of the lumberjack world records: Complete listing of all records Touring lumberjack road shows in the United States: Eastern United States Olde Time Lumberjack Show Other Boonville Area Public Service Related Links: Boonville Herald Village of Boonville Boonville Area Chamber of Commerce Oneida County Tourism Where to obtain Forestry and Lumberjack Sports related publications: Forest Industry related The Northern Logger . Monthly Contacting us for specific information and corrections: For information on the NYS Woodsmen's Field Days, Email Fielddays@aol.com or contact Phyllis White Our on line Information Request Form We here at the Woodsmen's Field Days hope these pages have helped to enlighten you on your quest for information regarding forestry and lumberjack sports. SEE YOU ALL THE THIRD WEEKEND IN AUGUST ! Comments and suggestions are welcome byway of E-Mail to: ( Fielddays@aol.com ) . For subject enter (Comments). Last updated: Feb. 10, 2014. StarInfo Click on menu item above for more information Follow @LJDStillwater Lumberjack Days'12 Has Been Canceled This site and all its contents Copyright 1998-2014 Lumberjack Days Tyler Eckberg American Lumberjack Association Home Page About Us News Schedule (Calendar) Contact Us Entry Forms Related Links Photo Gallery Results Home Page Welcome! 2014 Board of Directors Â Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â Â  Remember! As ALA Members, this is your website, too! We encourage you to contact us so we can add your photos, stories and more to our new site. Content copyright . American Lumberjack Association. All rights reserved. Events Masters Sawing Chopping Pole Climb Boom Run Logrolling Toggle navigation Home History Events 2014 Schedule of Events 2013 Results Athlete Information Sponsors Purchase Tickets Mountain Dew Family Night Gallery Purchase Tickets 2014 Events Schedule Lumberjack World Championships International Competition | July 24-26, 2014 | Hayward, Wisconsin Copyright 2014 Lumberjack World Championships | Contact Us HTML5 Web Design by Creekbed Digital general rules event rules teams forms results email cila Welcome to the CILA Homepage Congratulations to all our member schools for another successful season. Algonquin College Dalhousie Agricultural Campus We invite you to view the results page for our overall 2013-14 winners. V isi t CILA's sponsor's Facebook page. http://www.facebook.com/echocanada If you have any photos of CILA events you would like to share, please email them to us so that we may post them on this site. 2013/14 Competition Dates University of New Brunswick Oct 19, 2013 Sir Sandford Fleming College Nov 2, 2013 Macdonald Campus Jan 25, 2014 Dalhousie Agricultural Campus Feb 8,2014 F N S W ales xemen's A ssociations nc. Contacts Programs Results Training Instruction Links Merchandise Advertising Articles NSW Federation Meetings candyp120@hotmail.com Facebook replique montre de luxe homme replique montres replique de montres Montre Replique replique montre de luxe suisse replique montre de luxe homme replique Montre replique Montre replique montre rolex homme replique rolex submariner windows 7 ultimate product key here and .. Registration Links .. Photos any day during the busy cruise ship . JOIN US TODAY! logroll@ketchikancohos.com AlaskaMade.com Click here to goto the Lumberjack Guide -- 90 hp 500cc Husqvarna Motorcycle Home About Contact History Media Tutorials I get a fair amount of people looking for a log rolling log to purchase. If you are one of those individuals, you can find more information at my custom sawing business website: www.logboy.com . Uncategorized | Comments Off Despite log rolling season just around the corner Ive been lagging behind in the log rolling department. Â In the mean time check out this commercial done by fellow Mens WorldÂ ChampionÂ Roller Darren Hudson. Â (Darren is the thinner of the two.) Multimedia | Comments Off I have finally finished adding the complete history of log rolling and boom run world titles for both men and women. They are viewable in the history section . History | Comments Off Here are the final brackets of the 1975 log rolling world championships. My favorite bracket in the document is by far the junior boys bracket. Eric Holmquist and Dan McDonough made it to the finals to battle it out with Holmquist eventually becoming the victor. (Dan McDonough would later go on to win 9 mens professional world titles. And Eric? Well he would later go on to a claim to fame that is all his own .) 1975 log rolling world championships History | Comments Off Eric Holmquist ( Heavy Eric ) from Burnaby, BC doing a dress rehearsal of the Log Rolling Elvis for the 2009 Squamish Days Loggers Sports festival. Multimedia | Comments Off Im not sure how I acquired this document, but Im glad I did. Â Back when organizations still handed out press kits (at least in log rolling) the International Log Rolling Association was on top of things. Â Of course back then log rolling was on regular network television and was treated as a regular sport instead of the novelty status it seems to have in this day in age. One part of the kit that may jump out at some log rollers is the rules regarding time limits and log sizes. Back then matches started on the 17 diameter 13 long #1 log before progressing to the 15 #2 log, the 14 #3 log, and finally the 13 #4 log (all of which were 13 long). My question is, what happened to the 16 log? Why skip it? Why didnt they just downgrade the 17 to a 16? Time limits, according to the press kit, vary from 3-5 minutes. The criteria for determining the variance in times remains a mystery to me. If anyone knows, by all means let me know. I found the variance in the time and the generally nonchalant attitude toward it to be rather amusing. I have witnessed modern day competitors go into an emotional tirade in front of the judges because the time was called a few seconds too early/late. Its amazing how inflexible we have become. One of my favorite aspects of the press kit is the touting of the $5,000 in prizes and trophies. Â The sport of log rolling apparently hasnt heard of inflation because the amount of prize money handed out at the world championshipsÂ isntÂ a whole lot more than it was back then. Â If the sport had simply kept up with inflation the total prize money for log rolling at the world championship would be over $20,000. Â But I suppose in this day and age we should be happy to even have well-run contests, let alone prize money. Â But enough of myÂ nonsensicalÂ babbling. Go check out the file and prepare to be amazed (or amused, depending on your outlook). 1976 International Log Rolling Association Press Kit History | Comments Off I know that Im extremely late on this, but thats OK. Sean Duffy, fellow lumberjack and newly elected congressman for Wisconsins 7th district put out a log rolling campaign ad during his successful run for congress. Now Im sure most people dont care who the log rollers are. But since Im a career log roller and an advocate of the sport Id like to offer the individuals at least a little credit for their efforts. Sean Duffy is obviously playing Sean Duffy Publicity | Comments Off For the last few years I have been collecting bits and pieces of log rolling history. Photos, newsletters, I even have a folder full of old World Championships brackets from decades ago. For the longest time I have been planning on putting that content up here. Well, I finally got around to starting the process after dumping my old web host for one who could run file uploads properly. Check out the Lumberjack World Championships log rolling brackets from 1974. (PDF Format) 1974 log rolling world championships brackets After staring at the bracket for a while, I finally figured out what didnt look right. I believe it to be a true double elimination, where losing one match does not confine one to a destiny of -at best 3rd place. Can anyone from the era weigh in? Were they all like this? When did it change to the current format? History | Comments Off Those who are return visitors will notice that things are changing a bit. I am finally getting around to updating the content as well as the layout to get with the times. Â This change will not happen overnight however so please be patient. In the meantime check out this funny commercial a couple of friends did for Kool Aid. Â  No you cannot actually log roll in those costumes. They were dangling from a crane like Steve Martin was in the movie Cheaper by the Dozen II . Multimedia | Comments Off Search Posts Recent Posts Log Rolling Logs Berocca Log Rolling Lumberjacks Log Rolling and Boom Running World Titles 1975 Log Rolling Championships Log Rolling Elvis Competitor Websites Darren Hudson Jamie Fischer Jenny Atkinson Shana Martin Contests Lumberjack World Championships Squamish Days Logger Sports Festival Stihl Timbersports Organizations American Lumberjack Association Canadian Logger Sports Association United States Axemans Association US Log Rolling Association wordpress themes For more information on our Hayward and Minocqua Wisconsin Lumberjack Shows, Phone: 715-634-6923 Steeped in the logging history of Wisconsinâs north woods, Fred Scheers Lumberjack Shows are a blend of sport, history and comedy. Shows last approximately one hour. All shows are rain or shine with some covered seating. Seating is open â arrive early in peak season. Matinee performances include an added bonus of some great fun for the youngsters in the audience. During intermission we invite the kids on stage to crosscut saw with the Lumberjacks and each one receives a special Junior Lumberjack award. Enjoy a show in one of our two Lumberjack arenas. Grab your hat and the edge of your seat -- thrill to the excitement, comedy and action of Fred Scheer's Lumberjack Shows. For more information on our Lumberjack Shows Email address protected by JavaScript. Menu Home My Site News Photo Albums Forms & Results Links Guestbook Calendar Locations Message Boards Recently elected officers New York State Lumberjacks Association (NYSLA): Welcome New York State Lumberjack Association New York State Lumberjacks Association Please direct all of your NYSLA needs to our brand new website! www.nylumberjacks.org Thank you all! Logout Logged in as: Edit Profile Contact Support Login Admin Terms of Use Unsubscribe Your Privacy Rights Cookie Policy Sports Website and Team Website powered by Active Network View Full Site Home About Recent News and Updates NEW for 2014!!! Timberworks Lumberjack Show To Perform at the Woodsmens Days February 11, 2014 Tupper Lake Woodsmenâs Days âSomething for Everyone!â? February 11, 2014 Welcome! February 11, 2014 Page Listing About 2014 Woodsmen's Days Events - July 12th, 13th and 14th NEW for 2014!!! Timberworks Lumberjack Show To Perform at the Woodsmens Days Posted on February 11, 2014 by admin 0 Comments Timberworks Lumberjack ShowÂ ** NEW event for 2014** http://www.timberworkslumberjackshow.com/ Faster than a speeding bullet. More powerful than a locomotive. No itâs not Superman these âmen of steelâ?Â are LUMBERJACKS! Captivating audiences for the past 25 years, Timberworks Lumberjack Show Powered by STIHLÂ provides images of man against the impossible along with the sport derived out of a nationâs heritage. The Show includes such events as axe throwing, chopping, log rolling, cross cut sawing, hot sawing andÂ chainsaw carving. These century old skills were used in the logging camps of North America. To pass idle time,Â lumberjacks would challenge each other in a head-to-head competition. Although technology and machinery haveÂ replaced manual labor, the skills are still used today by the Lumberjacks in the STIHL Timberworks LumberjackÂ Show. Feel the rush of adrenaline as competitors race up poles at lightning speed or saw through twelve inches ofÂ aspen with the speed of a modern day chain saw. Then move to the edge of your seat as competitors show offÂ their fancy footwork while running on logs or axe throw with the precision of a dart board champion.Â Timberworks Lumberjack Shows has been featured on ABCâs Wide World of Sports, TNN, ESPN JeepÂ Trails, Discovery Channelâs â The Travelers,â? MTVâs The Real World and Road Rules and the Family ChannelÂ and the Outdoor Life Network. Drawing live audiences of over one million combined, Timberworks Lumberjack Shows is an exciting andÂ entertaining adventure providing a unique blend of sports, history and comedy and includes an opportunity for theÂ audience to experience a nostalgic logging competition of the early 1900s. Filed Under: Latest news and updates Tupper Lake Woodsmenâs Days âSomething for Everyone!â? Posted on February 11, 2014 by admin 0 Comments TUPPER LAKE Whether you are in the timber industry and looking for a new piece of heavy equipment, or maybe a new big rigâ¦ a homeowner looking for small engines and tools to manage your yard work, a shopping enthusiast, or a family looking for a fun-filled, entertaining, kid-friendly weekend with huge Paradeâ¦ Tupper Continue Reading Filed Under: Latest news and updates Welcome! Posted on February 11, 2014 by admin 213 Comments Welcome to Tupper Lake Woodsmens Days site! Filed Under: Latest news and updates Go To Top Administration Login Copyright Â© 2014 - Tupper Lake Woodsmenâs Association, Inc. - All Rights Reserved View Full Site Subscribe: Newsletter | Email Contact | Rob@LumberjackSports.com | 907.617.5053 Home About Us IRONJACKS Blog Host an Event Show Types Get a Quote Contact Us Other Shows by LSI Alaskan Show Tickets Group Rates Contact Us Lumberjack Feud Tickets Dinner Menu Contact The Feud The Show @ The Feud Newsletter Sign up to Win Start Here About Us Alaskan Lumberjack Show Comment Card Contact Our Alaskan Show Contact Our Traveling Show Contact Us Contact Us F.A.Q. FAQ Faqs Gallery Get a Quote Home Host A Competition Host A Show IRONJACK Andrew IRONJACK Bryce Smith IRONJACK Rob Livestream Test Lumberjack Boot Camp Newsletter Newsletter Sign Up Our Story Policies Previous Shows Pricing Details Show Types STIHL Success! T.V. and Film Support The Alaskan Blog The Blog The IRONJACKS The Lumberjack Feud The Lumberjacks The Lumberjacks Traveling Lumberjack Show Request Form Welcome to the Show! Get a Quote for Shows from the #1 Lumberjack Events Company! 907.617.5053 Host a Lumberjack Competition Produced by the Worlds #1 Lumberjack Events Company We Offer a Variety of Lumberjack Shows, Book One Now! Contact Us Name First Last Date I would like to receive the Newsletter from Lumberjack Sports International made up of The Lumberjack Feud, Traveling Lumberjack Show and The Alaskan Lumberjack Show * Yes No Email * Enter Email Confirm Email Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Check Out The Lumberjack Feud! Check Out The Great Alaskan Lumberjack Show! The Traveling Lumberjack Show is an IRONJACK Show Brought To You By LSI 907.617.5053 | 
