 Home | Products | Company | Support User Group | News | Nemetschek The Latest in Computer Aided Design and Drafting Cadalyst / Achitectural Record / AIA / CE News / Allplan News / Section Links Allplan New Features Allplan Quick Start Allplan FAQs Maxon Cinema 4D Demo Version Cinema 4D Architecture Allplan Allplan Forum Allplan Method Allplan Work Flow Allplan BIM and IFC Allplan Building Smart Allplan Building Green Gallery Featured Project Featured Project Featured Project Featured Project Featured Project Featured Project Headlines New Features Allplan 2012 full story. New Features Allplan 2011 full story. New Since Allplan 2008 full story... New Since Allplan 2006 full story... New Since Allplan 2005 full story... New Since Allplan 2004 full story... New Since Allplan 2003 full story... New Since Allplan Ver. 17 full story... . Innovative technology for your designs. Allplan 2011 uses new technology to allow the intuitive creation and organization of a virtual building model which is supported by a practical building structure. Based on this logical building structure, the exchange of IFC data is made easy. You can derive sections, views, area and quantity calculations from the model and control and monitor the work process in the office. Using a parametric designer, you can create and position three-dimensional special components such as railings or fences. The parameters required for this are delivered predefined with Allplan 2011. You can also define further components yourself. Highest flexibility from a unified database. Allplan 2011 offers a new technology that enables you to switch between various scales, layouts and details, not just for components, but also for 2D elements. You are always working with a uniform data model and can use it to create any number of plans depending on the analysis criterion. Sources of error are reduced and the results accurate. Intuitive generation and organization of a virtual building model All levels of CAD possible, from 2D design through to BIM Design methods can be combined, even within a project Versatile parametric designer for three-dimensional special components About Us | Site Map | Privacy Policy | Contact Us | 2008 CAD Consulting USA 
