 ScifiSpace Science Fiction Community for Fans by Fans Science Fiction News More Navigation Scifispace Home Whats New? SciFi Wikis Agents of SHIELD Almost Human Doctor Who Grimm Revolution Sleepy Hollow The Originals The Tomorrow People The Vampire Diaries Archives Forums Shop Join Us About Us Members Login Directory Activity Profile Account The 12th Doctor is Peter Capaldi. Who? SciFi TV es, Peter Capaldi is the next Doctor Who as announced live August 4, 2013 on both BBC and BBCAmerica. But if you are like me, your initial reaction might have been Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. Official SciFi TV ABC has officially picked up Joss Whedons Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. for the 2013-2014 TV season The 12th Doctor is Peter Capaldi. Who? August 5, 2013 SciFi TV es, Peter Capaldi is the next Doctor Who as announced live August 4, 2013 on both BBC and BBCAmerica. But if you are like me, your initial reaction might have been No X-Files Movie or TV Series July 19, 2013 Conventions Events Both David Duchovny (Mulder) and Gillian Anderson (Scully) were on hand coming out on a darkened stage with flash lights for the start of their panel. Show writer Vince Gilligan and creator Chris Carter were also there. Video of the Week: Firefly Online July 18, 2013 Gaming News You KNOW if its Firefly related, I will mention it! And I cannot wait for this game!!! Register now at Keepflying.com San Diego Comic Con 2013 is NOW! July 18, 2013 Conventions Events Yup, its that time the San Diego Comic Con is off and running this weekend. As usual, I wish I were there and bummed Im not. One of these yearssoon! If like me you cannot make it, here are some sites that will be live streaming from the con Nvidia releases hand held video console that streams from your PC! June 20, 2013 Gaming News Okay, I have to say this is just plain cool and is now on my wish list! NVidia is getting ready to release SHIELD (no relation to the Marvel comic).Â  This hand-held Android device is shaped for the hand like an X-Box controller with D-pad and lots of buttons, but Who will be Doctor Who? June 20, 2013 SciFi TV With Matt Smith now officially leaving Doctor Who (just as I was really liking him!), the speculation is running wild as to who will be stepping into the TARDIS next. The BBC isnt saying much officially yet which of course is opening the door to fan speculation on social media. New Star Wars news includes Han Solo spinoff June 20, 2013 Movie News New details are coming out about JJ Abrams upcoming Star Wars sagas now owned by Disney. It has been confirmed that plans are to release 1 new Star Wars movie every year beginning in 2015, but latest word is that they will alternate between a saga film and a spin Superman Comic sells for $175k June 13, 2013 Comics Anime A rare copy of the comic book featuring Supermans first appearance that went undiscovered for over 70 years in the insulation of a Minnesota house has sold for $175,000. Review: Star Trek: Into Darkness I wasnt expecting to really love Into Darkness especially after reading a spoiler and knowing the what sounded like a horrible plot before I went to see it. Defiance, Revolution and other shows renewed The SyFy Channels Defiance is one of several sci-fi shows getting another season. Read all Articles Follow Me Support Our Site: News by Category Comics Anime Commentary Conventions Events Gaming News Movie News Movie Media Reviews Trailers and Clips Other News SciFi Books Book Reviews SciFi TV Toys Collectibles News by Tag abc adam baldwin auction avengers batman book review bruce greenwood canceled cbs chris pine comic-con commentary Disney doctor who film franchise firefly George Lucas gina torres hbo into darkness iron man jj abrams john cho joss whedon Lucasfilm marvel matt smith movie movie review movies movie trailer nathan fillion once upon a time reboot rumors sdcc spock star trek star wars superman syfy channel true blood tv series vampire zachary quinto Cool Stuff Video of the Week Tweets by @Scifispace Scifispace on Facebook About Scifispace.com Are you a science fiction fan? Do you like to go to conventions, watch science fiction movies, read fantasy books, watch tv shows, play role-play games like Dungeons and Dragons or Vampire: The Masquerade, video, or collectible card games, collect science fiction toys and collectibles? Then you belong here! Scifispace.com has been bringing you sci-fi news from around the world siince 1998. Join us! Google+ Support Scifispace.com Follow Me Whos Online ÂŠ 2014 ScifiSpace - Science Fiction Community for Fans by Fans Skip to toolbar WordPress.org Documentation Support Forums Feedback Log in Register Worlds of Imagination on the Web | Xenite.Org Xenite.Org News Sitemap SF Fandom Xenite Entertainment Search About Xenite Web Services Link Policy Privacy Amazon.com Widgets Latest Story Try Our Experimental Search Page December 12, 2013 By Xenite.Org Administrator Xenite.Org publishes a lot of content. And though WordPress is improving its site search functionality, you cannot search all the subdomains on Xenite from each other. We have been looking for a way to provide a good, solid site search tool that allows you to search through all our content. Unfortunately, we cannot find a Read more Browse the Xenite.Org Network News Sites March 17, 2013 By Xenite.Org Administrator Although it may not seem like we update the main Xenite.Org Website very often we do have a lot of activity across our network of blogs and forums. But showing Read more Xenite Updates Features and Emma Watson Galleries June 26, 2012 By Michael Martinez The Xenite.Org Special Features Index page has been updated with links to some of our recently updated feature article sections. These extensive article and photo gallery sections were previously implemented Read more Scarlett Johansson as the Black Widow April 7, 2012 By Xenite.Org Administrator We love the Marvel movies franchise here at Xenite.Org and one of our favorite characters is Natasha Romanov, the Black Widow. Of course, to date she has only appeared in Read more Xenite 1997-2012: 15 Years of Magic, Sweat, and Passion March 14, 2012 By Michael Martinez Today, March 14, 2012 marks the 15th anniversary of Xenite.Org. I have told everyone who would listen to me on Twitter, Facebook, Google+, and SF-Fandom that this day was coming. Read more Fantasy Movie Princess Gallery December 29, 2011 By Xenite.Org Administrator Xenite.Org's fantasy movie princess gallery has become so popular we have had to split it up into four separate pages. And that will allow us to add more images and Read more Emma Watson Pictures November 15, 2011 By Xenite.Org Administrator UPDATE: June 26, 2012 - Due to Website scraping and hotlinking, the Emma Watson Pictures Gallery has been moved. Emma Watson has been entertaining millions of fans since she broke Read more Grace Park Pictures June 24, 2011 By Xenite.Org Administrator Xenite.Org has long celebrated the talent and beauty of actress Grace Park. We first saw her in a guest role on Stargate SG-1 but she quickly rose to fame was Read more White Cheese Dip The Queso Blanco Recipe You Have Been Looking For June 23, 2011 By Xenite.Org Administrator If you're looking for Xenite.Org's famous white cheese dip or Mexican cheese dip recipe section, that no longer exists. But don't despair. Although the reconstruction of Xenite.Org will take several Read more Xenite.Org Has Been Redesigned June 6, 2011 By Xenite.Org Administrator Dear friends. We retired the "classic Xenite.Org" Website in mid-2011. Later that year we relaunched Xenite with some old content and some new content. We have appreciated your support through Read more March 14, 1997 to March 14, 2007 March 14, 2011 By Michael Martinez March 14, 1997 to March 14, 2007 I didn't realize it at the time, but somewhere in 1995 I created my first Web page. It happened quietly and suddenly. I Read more An Interview With Tad Williams April 7, 2010 By Michael Martinez Mention Tad Williams' name in casual conversation with most science fiction fans and you're likely to hear back, "Isn't that the guy with the cats?" Tailchaser's Song has adorned many Read more Woodland Princess Scientists discover Rhine valley woodland city April 1, 2010 By Xenite.Org Administrator (Basel, Switzerland) -- March 29, 2010. A team of Dutch, German, and French archaeologists announced today in Paris they have nearly completed a three-year excavation of an ancient woodland city Read more Page 1 of 5 1 2 3 5 Xenite Features Special Features Andre Norton Features Xenite 10th Anniversary Articles Findegil's Insider's Guide to the Lord of the Rings The Fairy Tales of J.R.R. Tolkien Emma Watson Pictures Treasure Hunting Food Articles Interviews Other Sites Interwebometry Xenite Network History Blog Michael Martinez SEO Theory SF-Fandom SF-Worlds The Queen of Swords Tolkien Studies Xenite Subdomains CompuServe Imps Harry Potter Huckleberry Wild Middle-earth at Xenite.Org SciFi Movies SciFi Store Search ALL of Xenite.Org SEO Theorist Blog Xena Online Resources Xenite.Org Publicity Worlds of Imagination on the Web | Xenite.Org . All Rights Reserved. Magazine Basic Classic theme designed by Themes by bavotasan.com . WordPress TH Stephenie Meyer's The Host (sf) TH Kelley Armstrong's Personal Demon (df) TH Alice Kimberly's The Ghost and the Femme Fatale (ya/df) Richelle Mead's Frostbite (ya/df) J.D. Warren's Bedlam, Bath and Beyond (df/com) TH Mark del Franco's Unquiet Dreams (df) TH Katie MacAlister's Playing with Fire (df) TH Kathleen Bacus's Fiancé at her Fingertips (df) Jim Butcher's Small Favor (df) TH Catherine Anderson - Morning Light (f) P.C. Cast Kristin Cast's Chosen (df/ya) TH Donna McGillivray - Soul Savers (df/rom) TH Jamie Leigh Hansen - Betrayed (rom/df) Star Trek: Titan - Sword of Damocles (sf/tv) TH Katie MacAlister - Holy Smokes (df) John Skipp - The Long Last Call (h) Simon Wood - Paying the Piper (crime) TH Kate Marsh - Ghost of a Chance (df/rom) TH Lori Handeland - Thunder Moon (df) Melissa Marr - Wicked Lovely (df/ya) Jody Wallace's A Spell for Susannah (f) ND Mimi Riser's Sherwood Charade (f) ST Dakota Cassidy's The Accidental Werewolf (com/df) Colleen Gleason's Bleeding Dusk (df) Nancy Haddock's La Vida Vampire (com/df) TH Nancy Atheron's Aunt Dimity, Vampire Hunter (ya/df) Gena Showalter's The Darkest Kiss (rom/df) Kerrelyn Sparks - The Undead Next Door (df/rom) ST David Thorpe - Hybrids (sf/ya) ST Robert Charles Wilson - Axis (sf) TH MaryJanice Davidson - Dead Over Heels (rom/df) Katie MacAlister - Ain't Myth-Behaving (com/df) Karen Marie Moning - Bloodfever (df) Robin T. Popp - Lords of the Night (rom/df) TH Star Trek - Academy: Collision Course (sf/tv) TH John Grant - Corrupted Science (non-fic) (non-fic) Michelle Rowen - Lady and the Vamp (df) TH Marie Phillips - Gods Behaving Badly (df) Maggie Shayne - Demon's Kiss (df) Star Trek: the Next Generation - QA (sf/tv) TH Rene Lyons - Midnight Sun (rom/df) Ed. Una McGovern - Chambers Dictionary of the Unexplained (non-fic) TH Star Trek: The Next Generation - Before Dishonor (sf/tv) TH Carole Nelson Douglas - Dancing with Werewolves (df) Melanie Jackson - Divine Night (rom/f) John Levitt - Dog Days (df) Melina Morel - Devour (df) Lisa Shearin - Magic Lost, Trouble Found (f) TH Nina Bangs - One Bite Stand (df/rom) Jennifer Crusie, Eileen Dreyer and Anne Stuart - The Unfortunate Miss Fortunes (f) Christine Feehan - Dark Possession (df/rom) Lucy Finn - Careful What You Wish for (rom/f) Lynda Hilburn - The Vampire Shrink (df) ND Alan Dean Foster - The Candle of Distant Earth (sf) ST Lisa T. Bergren - The Betrayed (df) Rachel Caine - Thin Air (df) Terri Garey - Dead Girls are Easy (df) Sherrilyn Kenyon - Devi/ May Cry (df/rom) Gwen Rowley - Knights of the Round Table: Lancelot (rom/f) Lilith Saintcrow - The Devil's Right Hand (df) Karen E. Taylor - Twelve Steps from Darkness (h) Dawn Thompson - The Brotherhood (df) Margaret Lizz Weis - Warrior Angel (f) TH Charlaine Harris - An Ice Cold Grave (df) TH Justin Allen - Slaves of the Shinar (f) Mike Wilks - Mirrorscape (ya/f) TH Buffy the Vampire Slayer - Dark Congress (df/tv) TH Maria V. Snyder Interview (f/ya) TH Star Trek: the Next Generation - Resistance (sf/tv) TH Patti O'Shea - In the Midnight Hour (df) C.L. Wilson - Lord of the Fading Lands (df) John Dimes (sf/f/h) Bryon Morrigan (h) Donald Michael Platt (h) TH P.C. Cast Kristin Cast's Betrayed (df/ya) Lori Handeland - Hidden Moon (df) Julie Kenner - Demons Are Forever (df/com) Ronda Thompson - Confessions of a Werewolf Supermodel (df) RD Star Trek: the Next Generation - The Buried Age (sf/tv) TH Jim Butcher's Captain's Fury (df) MaryJanice Davidson - Drop Dead, Gorgeous (df/rom) Stephen Donaldson - Fatal Revenant (f) Jean Johnson - The Master (rom/f) Jana G. Oliver - Virtual Evil (sf) TH Amanda Ashby - You Had Me at Halo (f/rom) P.C. Cast - Divine by Blood (f) Raymond Khoury - The Sanctuary (main) Richelle Mead - Vampire Academy (df) Robin D. Owens's Keepers of the Flame (f/rom) J.K. Rowling's Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows (f/ya) J.R. Ward's Lover Revealed (df/rom) TH Ilona Andrews - Magic Bites (f/rom) Harper Allan - Dead is the New Black (df/rom) Lisa T. Bergen - The Begotten (df) Jim Butcher - Fool Moon (df) Jacqueline Carey - Kushiel's Avatar (f) Peter DeVries - Wistrix Donn (f) Jayel Gibson - Dragon Queen (f) Christopher Golden Thomas Sniegoski - Crashing Paradise (df) Allyson James - Dragon Heat (f/rom) Linda Winstead Jones - Haunted (df/rom) Elizabeth Kostova's The Historian (df) Debbie Macomber - Where Angels Go (f) Mari Mancusi - Stake That (df/ya) Diana L. Paxson - Ravens of Avalon (f) Laura Resnick - Disappearing Nightly (f) Stephanie Rowe - Sex and the Immortal Bad Boy (df/com) Donna Lea Simpson's Awaiting the Fire (f/rom) Nalini Singh - Caressed by Ice (df/rom) Star Trek: the Original Series - Crucible Kirk (sf/tv) Phaedra Weldon - Wraith (df) Tim Willocks - The Religion (main) ST Jennifer Armintrout's Ashes to Ashes (df) Michele Bardsley's Don't Talk Back to your Vampire (df/com) Susan Grant's How to Lose an Extraterrestrial in Ten Days (com/rom/sf) Linda Howard's Raintree: Inferno (df) Iris Johansen Pandora's Daughter (df) Debra A. Kemp's The Recruit (f) Lynn Kurland's When I Fall in Love (rom/f) Melanie Rawn's Spellbinder (urbanf) Michelle Rowen's Fanged and Fabulous (df/com) T.L. Schaefer's The Saints of Midland (f) Eva Swan's The Bone Whistle (f) Minda Webber's The Reinvented Miss Bluebeard (f/com) TH Books Received - Armintrout, Singh, Kenner+++ TH Christopher Priest's The Prestige (sf) TH Star Trek: The Original Series - Errand of Fury: Demands of Honor (sf/tv) TH Talia Gryphon's Key to Conflict (df) TH Linda Andrews's Knight's Wish (f) Kelley Armstrong's No Humans Involved (df) Rachel Caine's The Dead Girl's Dace (df) MaryJanice Davidson's Undead and Uneasy (df/rom) Colleen Gleason's Rises the Night (df) Candace Havens's Charmed and Deadly (df/rom) Roby James's Beyond the Hedge (f) Liz Jasper's Underdead (df) TH Erin McCarthy's Bled Dry (df/rom) Nora Roberts's Valley of Silence (df/rom) Christine Warren's The Demon You Know (df/rom) TH Kelley Armstrong's Exit Strategy (main) Books Received - Star Trek, Satterlie, Buffy, Armstrong, Weldon+++ TH Conrad Williams's The Scalding Rooms (dsf) TH Star Trek - Mirror Universe: Obsidian Alliances (sf/tv) TH Suzi Goode's The Lost Wizard (f/ya) Marjorie M. Liu's Soul Song (df) Susan Squires's One with the Night (df) Tad Williams - Shadowplay (f) TH Kai Meyer Interview (f/ya) TH Kassandra Sims - Falling Upwards (f/rom) TH Nina Bangs - Wicked Fantasy (df/rom) Carrie Vaughan - Kitty Takes a Holiday (df) Books Received - Willocks, Richards, Mason, Williams+++ ST Cindy Miles - Spirited Away (f/rom) Kerrelyn Sparks - Be Still My Vampire Heart (df/rom) Shanna Swendson - Damsel Under Stress (chicklit/f) A Universe of Science Fiction Whoop It Up With Whoopi at Wizard World Philadelphia Conventions No Responses Jan 14 2014 The great and powerful OZWhoopi will be at this years Wizard World Philadelphia. Get your tickets now. Academy Award Winner Whoopi GoldbergÂ To Attend Wizard World Philadelphia Comic Con OscarÂŽ winner Whoopi Goldberg will make her Wizard World debut at Philadelphia Comic Con, June 20-21. With dozens of television and film credits, including âThe View,â? [... read more] Posted by scifislacker at 1:56 pm Tagged with: Conventions , Star Trek , Television , Wizard World Star Trek: the Art of Juan Ortiz Exhibit News No Responses Nov 12 2013 PALEY CENTER FOR MEDIA PRESENTSÂ  Â STAR TREK: THE ART OF JUAN ORTIZÂ  SPECIAL GALLERY EXHIBIT NOVEMBER TO JANUARY IN BEVERLY HILLSÂ  Official Los Angeles OpeningÂ Wednesday, November 20Â  WHAT: The Paley Center for Media is partnering with CBS Consumer Products to present the Los Angeles premiere gallery exhibition ofÂ Star Trek: the Art of Juan Ortiz.Â Â Star Trek: [... read more] Posted by scifislacker at 4:38 pm Tagged with: Art , Events , Star Trek , Television Doctor Who Christmas Specials Soundtracks Music No Responses Nov 12 2013 SILVA SCREEN RECORDS PRESENTS Doctor Who The Snowmen/The Doctor, The Widow and the Wardrobe At one time Christmas Day in the US meant the Yule log and Itâs a Wonderful Life, a time for families to gather around the TV together. But in the modern era that mantle has now been taken by the [... read more] Posted by scifislacker at 1:44 pm Tagged with: BBC , Doctor Who , Science Fiction , Scifi , Scores , Soundtracks , Television Doctor Who Series 7 Original TV Soundtrack Music No Responses Nov 08 2013 Silva Screenâs eighth Doctor Who soundtrack release since 2006. Long awaited by the fans, Series 7 has been uniquely made up of 13 self-contained stories and this 2 CD set offers a feast of new Murray Gold signature themes with music from each and every story. Murray Goldâs phenomenal output as a composer began close [... read more] Posted by scifislacker at 1:25 pm Tagged with: BBC , Doctor Who , Science Fiction , Scifi , Scores , Soundtracks , Television ROK TV to Bring Us The Monster Channel News No Responses Nov 07 2013 âThe Monster Channelâ? Partners With ROK TV For Multi-Platform Horror Channel As a fan of old horror (and scifi) B-Movies as well as EMCE Toys (love the retro mego lines) I am rather thrilled about this news. I just wish it had a corresponding ROKU channel NOW! ~ ScifiSlacker.com Fourth Castle Micromedia, best known for [... read more] Posted by scifislacker at 3:15 pm Tagged with: TV , VOD Transformers Prime: Beast Hunters Volume 1 Comic Books No Responses Nov 02 2013 From IDW Publishing comes another great collection of Transformers comics withÂ Transformers Prime: Beast Hunters Volume 1 Book Description BEAST HUNTERS! They were there when Cybertron fell â but what happened to the Dinobots for the past few thousand years? Hereâs a hint â Grimlock and company havenât been sitting around and relaxing! The time is [... read more] Posted by scifislacker at 3:47 pm Tagged with: Comics , Graphic Novels , IDW Publishing , Transformers Awesome Inner Workings of Video Games Books No Responses Oct 20 2013 TheÂ Awesome Inner Workings of Video Games byÂ Arie Kaplan is published byÂ Lerner Publications and is great for kids 10-14 (as well as some of us older kids interested in the inner workings of video games too). Book Description Gamers, bewareâyour video games can think for themselves! Ever wondered whats inside the plastic of your video game [... read more] Posted by scifislacker at 3:28 pm Tagged with: Art , Books , Video Games Robot Chicken Season 6 Television No Responses Oct 15 2013 Robot Chicken is back at it with the recent release of their sixth (yep SIXTH) season on DVD and Blu-Ray. This series is still as much fun as it was at the beginning. Go beyond the episodes with loads of featurettes found on both the DVDs and Blu-Rays. EmmyÂŽ Award-Winning Stop-Motion Parodies Are Back in [... read more] Posted by scifislacker at 2:31 pm Tagged with: Blu-Ray , DVDs , Television Gravity Trailer Movies No Responses Oct 15 2013 Â  Academy AwardÂŽ winners Sandra Bullock (âThe Blind Sideâ?) and George Clooney (â?) star in â? a heart-pounding thriller that pulls you into the infinite and unforgiving realm of deep space. The film was directed by OscarÂŽ nominee Alfonso CuarĂłn (âChildren of Menâ?). Bullock plays Dr. Ryan Stone, a brilliant engineer on her first shuttle [... read more] Posted by scifislacker at 12:06 pm Tagged with: Films , Movies , Science Fiction , Scifi Music from the Iron Man Trilogy Music No Responses Oct 12 2013 SILVA SCREEN RECORDS PRESENTSÂ Â MUSIC FROM THE IRON MAN TRILOGY London Music Worksâ best picks from the powerful, pulsating and contemporary Iron Man scores. Composed by Ramin Djawadi (Iron Man), John Debney (Iron Man 2) and Brian Tyler (Iron Man 3). Ramin Djawadis innovative and explosive score for the first film delivers a recognizable and dramatic [... read more] Posted by scifislacker at 1:58 pm Tagged with: Fantasy , Ironman , Marvel Comics , Scores , Soundtracks Older Entries Subscribe Recent Posts Whoop It Up With Whoopi at Wizard World Philadelphia Star Trek: the Art of Juan Ortiz Exhibit Doctor Who Christmas Specials Soundtracks Doctor Who Series 7 Original TV Soundtrack ROK TV to Bring Us The Monster Channel Transformers Prime: Beast Hunters Volume 1 Awesome Inner Workings of Video Games Robot Chicken Season 6 Gravity Trailer Music from the Iron Man Trilogy Pages Scifi Portal About ScifiSlacker.com Staff Contests ScifiSlacker.com Contest Rules Categories Books Collectibles Comic Books Contests Conventions Fashion Movies Music News ScifiSlacker.com Television Toys Games Video Games Xtras: Comics Cartoons Pinning the Universe My Pinterest Badge by: Jafaloo . For Support visit: My Pinterest Badge Tweets by @scifislacker Kindle Deal of the Day Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org ÂŠ 2000 - 2313 ScifiSlacker.com Suffusion theme by Sayontan Sinha Tweet Follow @warworlder Home Books Comics Contact Documents Film TV Gallery Links Mars Music News Radio Shop Timeline The War of the Worlds by H.G. Wells This website began as a focal point for my interest in the H.G. Wells' seminal science fiction novel books , on television and at the movies comics such as Killraven and musicals like Jeff Wayne's War of the Worlds War Of The Worlds Invasion John Gosling Lead Articles H.G.Wells' The War of the Worlds Books about Mars Ray Bradbury in The Martian Chronicles . Even Sherlock Holmes Sherlock Holmes' War of the Worlds Comics about Mars Killraven. comic books Film and TV about Mars George Pal Steven Spielberg and Tom Cruise Woody Allen and in The Simpsons? Read more about The War of the Worlds in film and TV. Newly added... Books The Japanese Devil Fish Girl and Other Unnatural Attractions by Robert Rankin. A very weird and wonderful spoof sequel to The War of the Worlds. Comics Heavy Metal, War of the Worlds Goliath: Summer Special. An entire issue of Heavy Metal magazine devoted to The War of the Worlds. Film and TV kitty Kornered. Music Radio Tweets by @warworlder Grovers Mill prints for sale Only a limited number left. This wonderful print depicts a Grovers Mill War of the Worlds image inspired from the 1938 broadcast. direct from the artist Robert Hummel. Martian News Links open to Mars Times By Feed Digest home - books - comics - film - gallery - links - mars - music - news - radio shop - timeline about - advertise - contact - privacy n a ITDPhoto Jason Murphy Zombies ITDResearch ITDEntertainment c Which Fantasy/SciFi Character Are You? To take the test, select an answer for each of the questions below, then click Score Results You try to be guided and ruled by your: thoughts and logic. feelings and sentiments. You are __________ that there is an afterlife. uncertain pretty sure doubtful The only way to get something done right is to do it yourself. I agree. I disagree. Your beliefs are best described as: You don't worship regularly, but feel attuned with your own spirituality. You prefer dealing with the down-to-earth realities of this world. You have faith in a higher power and/or supernatural phenomena. You are only concerned with what can be scientifically explained. It would make you happier doing: whatever gets me ahead in life. whatever is the greatest benefit to society. You are on a jury and are offered a large bribe. Do you: Accept the bribe. Everyone has their price, including me. Accept the bribe, but only if you would have decided that way anyway. No harm done! Refuse the bribe in favor of your generous jury duty pay. If you could rig the next big election so that your candidate of choice came out on top, would you? No, that's no way to foster a free society. Yes, it would help turn things around. When assigned to a group project you are more likely to: work wherever it is needed most, as long as the task gets done. hang back and try to get by with minimal effort. assume a leadership position to ensure work is coordinated efficiently. You would rather recharge by: doing something alone, like reading a book. doing something with others, like attending a party. People turn to you for advice: rarely or never. sometimes, but usually just my close friends. frequently, sometimes even acquaintances. Your friends would describe you as: level-headed and easy-going. sensitive and caring. calculating and rational. In a criminal justice system, it would be preferable to: convict an innocent person. let a guilty person go free. You are more likely to enjoy: a personal discussion of feelings. a sophisticated philosophical debate. If killing your best friend would make you immortal, would you do it? No way. It's somewhat tempting, but no thanks. I'm a little ashamed to admit it, but probably yes. News Stream Forums Contact Us Ultimate Film Guide 2014 January 15, 2014 First Doctor Who Series 8 Photo January 9, 2014 What If Money Was No Object? January 7, 2014 Another Look into the Black Mirror January 3, 2014 Movie Screams December 31, 2013 3 Sci-Fi Ships Perfect for Christmas December 24, 2013 Tauriel A Feminist Critique December 21, 2013 Retro Review: Far Beyond The Stars December 21, 2013 Rate The Hobbit The Desolation of Smaug December 19, 2013 Robocop 2014 Trailer December 19, 2013 The Time Of The Doctor Trailer December 19, 2013 The Amazing Spiderman 2 New Trailer December 19, 2013 Review: The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug December 19, 2013 YouView: The Hobbit The Desolation of Smaug December 19, 2013 Chipped 16 minute trailer December 18, 2013 Devils Due Trailer December 18, 2013 Star Trek Fact Infographic December 16, 2013 Lovecraft, Cosmic Horror and Existential Dread November 17, 2013 Star Wars Episode VII Release Date Set November 8, 2013 X-Men: Days of Future Past First Trailer October 29, 2013 Are You Ready for Captain America 2? October 24, 2013 Chipped Trailer October 5, 2013 Capaldi Doctor Who Intro Concept September 29, 2013 Sixteenth Birthday September 2, 2013 Load more Search Recent Posts Ultimate Film Guide 2014 First Doctor Who Series 8 Photo What If Money Was No Object? Another Look into the Black Mirror Movie Screams Recent Comments Lady From USA on Best Sci-Fi Movie Cosplays business wordpress themes on Ultimate Film Guide 2014 business wordpress themes on Poll: Joss Whedons Greatest Show Original Content ÂŠ Respective Authors / Sci-Fi Heaven.net 2014. MOVIE NEWS TRAILERS REVIEWS TV NEWS LISTS PODCASTS The #1 Independent Movie & TV News Website MOVIE NEWS MOVIE TRAILERS MOVIE REVIEWS TV NEWS LISTS PODCASTS Currently Hot Topics: Guardians of the Galaxy X-Men Spider-Man 2 Fantastic Four Captain America 2 2014s Riskiest Movies Godzilla The King of Monsters returns to the big screen in the 'Godzilla' reboot. Watch the full-length trailer, which is now online! 'Dredd 2' Update: Karl Urban Says 'Conversations' Are Happening With a 'Dredd 2' written off long ago, it now seems the studio might be coming around given home video success. Oscar 2014 Predictions â SR Underground Ep. 132 We predict the 2014 Oscar winners, discuss 'Fantastic Four' and 'Terminator' reboot casting, as well as the return of 'Heroes' for a 13-episode miniseries. Harold Ramis Obituary We look back at the career of iconic comedy filmmaker/actor Harold Ramis, who has passed away at age 69. The New Godzilla Roar Godzilla's new roar has been revealed - plus more new Images from the 2014 'Godzilla' reboot. The king of monsters is back! << Prev movie news TV NEWS MOVIE TRAILERS MOVIE REVIEWS game news LATEST NEWS New Trailer: The Monster Reawakens The King of Monsters returns to the big screen in the reboot. Watch the full-length trailer, which is now online! by Sandy Schaefer1 hour ago 44 Comments The Blacklist: What Happened in Florence? An international super-thief from Reds past is targeting an artifact in the Syrian Embassy in The Blacklist season 1, episode 14: Madeline Pratt. by Kevin Yeoman1 hour ago 2 Comments re the Millers Sequel Moving Forward; Gets Due Date Writer New Line is moving ahead with a followup to last years surprise hit R-Rated comedy re the Millers. by Sandy Schaefer2 hours ago No Comments Being Human: Gallows Humor Tension grips Josh and Nora as Aidan pays the price for his sins and Sally uses magic again in âBeing Humanâ Season 4, Episode 7, âGallows Humorâ. by Jason Tabrys3 hours ago No Comments SR Geek Picks: Full House Without Michelle, Terminator 2 Lost Scenes and More What Full House would be like without Michelle; do some Best Picture math; long-lost scenes from Terminator 2 and more! by Justin Vactor3 hours ago 9 Comments Franchise May Continue With Fifth Movie DreamWorks CEO Jeffrey Katzenberg hints that there may be a fifth film in the works after a four year absence. by Andy Crump3 hours ago 9 Comments Late Night with Seth Meyers Premiere Review The premiere of Late Night with Seth Meyers was a mixed bag, but is there potential for the show to be something unique in late night? by Jason Tabrys4 hours ago 3 Comments Teen Wolf: Watch the Slow Door Stiles struggles to stay sane and awake inside a mental institution in Teen Wolf season 3, episode 20, Echo House. by H. Shaw-Williams4 hours ago 3 Comments Point Break Remake Casts Luke Bracey as FBI Agent Johnny Utah The Point Break remake has found a replacement for Keanu Reeves in G.I. Joe: Retaliation star Luke Bracey. by H. Shaw-Williams5 hours ago 15 Comments : Mind Games More than one person confesses to the murder of a man in a hotel room in Season 6, Episode 16, Room 147. by Heather Donmoyer14 hours ago No Comments Star Wars 7 Cast Plot Rumors; Are Oldman Cumberbatch Set? The latest Star Wars: Episode 7 rumor suggest both Gary Oldman and Benedict Cumberbatch have been cast. by Sarah Moran16 hours ago 88 Comments Dredd 2 Update: Karl Urban Says Are Happening With a Dredd 2 written off long ago, it now seems the studio might be coming around given home video success. by Andrew Dyce16 hours ago 82 Comments Sony Already Planning Sequel for The Equalizer Movie Reboot Sony Pictures is already planning a sequel for their yet-to-be released movie reboot starring Denzel Washington. by Michael Kennedy19 hours ago 8 Comments Ted 2 Sets Amanda Seyfried as the Female Lead Seth MacFarlane has cast his A Million Ways to Die in the West costar Amanda Seyfried in the sequel arriving in 2015. by Sandy Schaefer20 hours ago 11 Comments Oscar 2014 Predictions â SR Underground Ep. 132 We predict the 2014 Oscar winners, discuss Fantastic Four and reboot casting, as well as the return of for a 13-episode miniseries. by Ben Kendrick21 hours ago 26 Comments Star Wars: Clone Wars Season 6 Trailer Teases the Lost Missions The trailer for Star Wars: The Clone Wars season 6 teases the Lost Missions that fill in story gaps of the prequel trilogy. by Kofi Outlaw22 hours ago 22 Comments Bradley Cooper Attached to Star in Crime Drama American Blood Bradley Cooper (Guardians of the Galaxy) is set to play the lead in American Blood, a Warner Bros. adaptation of Ben Sanders crime novel. by H. Shaw-Williams23 hours ago 2 Comments MORE NEWS LATEST PODCAST TODAYâS HOT STORIES UPCOMING MOVIES batman vs superman captain america 2 Dawn of the Planet of the Apes fast and furious 7 godzilla guardians of the galaxy interstellar jack ryan james bond jurassic park 4 mad max robocop robopocalypse star trek star wars teenage mutant ninja turtles the amazing spider-man 2 the avengers 2 the hobbit the hunger games transformers 4 x-men days of future past MOVIE NEWS movie trailers movie reviews tv news game news re the Millers Sequel Moving Forward; Gets Due Date Writer New Line is moving ahead with a followup to last years surprise hit R-Rated comedy re the Millers. by Sandy Schaefer2 hours ago No Comments SR Geek Picks: Full House Without Michelle, Terminator 2 Lost Scenes and More What Full House would be like without Michelle; do some Best Picture math; long-lost scenes from Terminator 2 and more! by Justin Vactor3 hours ago 9 Comments Franchise May Continue With Fifth Movie DreamWorks CEO Jeffrey Katzenberg hints that there may be a fifth film in the works after a four year absence. by Andy Crump3 hours ago 9 Comments Point Break Remake Casts Luke Bracey as FBI Agent Johnny Utah The Point Break remake has found a replacement for Keanu Reeves in G.I. Joe: Retaliation star Luke Bracey. by H. Shaw-Williams5 hours ago 15 Comments Star Wars 7 Cast Plot Rumors; Are Oldman Cumberbatch Set? The latest Star Wars: Episode 7 rumor suggest both Gary Oldman and Benedict Cumberbatch have been cast. by Sarah Moran16 hours ago 88 Comments Dredd 2 Update: Karl Urban Says Are Happening With a Dredd 2 written off long ago, it now seems the studio might be coming around given home video success. by Andrew Dyce16 hours ago 82 Comments MORE MOVIE NEWS TV NEWS movie news movie trailers movie reviews game news The Blacklist: What Happened in Florence? An international super-thief from Reds past is targeting an artifact in the Syrian Embassy in The Blacklist season 1, episode 14: Madeline Pratt. by Kevin Yeoman1 hour ago 2 Comments Being Human: Gallows Humor Tension grips Josh and Nora as Aidan pays the price for his sins and Sally uses magic again in âBeing Humanâ Season 4, Episode 7, âGallows Humorâ. by Jason Tabrys3 hours ago No Comments Late Night with Seth Meyers Premiere Review The premiere of Late Night with Seth Meyers was a mixed bag, but is there potential for the show to be something unique in late night? by Jason Tabrys4 hours ago 3 Comments Teen Wolf: Watch the Slow Door Stiles struggles to stay sane and awake inside a mental institution in Teen Wolf season 3, episode 20, Echo House. by H. Shaw-Williams4 hours ago 3 Comments : Mind Games More than one person confesses to the murder of a man in a hotel room in Season 6, Episode 16, Room 147. by Heather Donmoyer14 hours ago No Comments Doctor Who Season 8 Casts a New Male Companion Doctor Who has added a new male companion to the series but will he bring something new to the table? by Jason Tabrys1 day ago 21 Comments MORE TV NEWS MOVIE REVIEWS movie news movie trailers tv news gaming news 3 Days to Kill Pompeii About Last Night Winter's Tale RoboCop Vampire Academy MORE MOVIE REVIEWS MOVIE TRAILERS movie news movie reviews tv news game trailers Godzilla Clone Wars (Season 6) Amazing Spider-Man 2 (Rise of Electro) Captain America: The Winter Soldier (TV Spot #2) The Grand Budapest Hotel (Featurette) The Sacrament (Red Band) MORE MOVIE TRAILERS 2003-2014 Screen Rant, LLC | ABOUT | CONTACT US | PRIVACY POLICY | COPYRIGHT | ARCHIVE Authors & Books - Movies & TV - Cover Artists - Reviews News - Get Added - Help Us - About Us Welcome to FantaFiction Where Vampires, Aliens and Dragons meet A Big Thank You to Rob St. Martin for this amazing piece of art! Close Ad Asian furniture , you have to know the place that the furniture was made and exactly what raw materials were utilized. For instance, Japanese furniture is often crafted from reclaimed wood and built in Japan, however sometimes in different Asian countries. Look at various antique dining tables for example, which will match well with an antique china hutch . Don't they work a whole lot better alongside one another? They have lasted more than a generation and may be passed on as treasures to the following generation. If you're thinking of home interior decorating ideas , you must know how to invest sensibly: choose top quality items that might be around forever. bathroom interiors . When you have an beautiful layout for your bathroom, your time spent in there is going to be much more enjoyable and luxurious. However, a number of people will always cling to their budget, which is generally a sensible idea. If you need to start out small with terrific improvements, why not start out with switching your bathroom's light fixture parts ? Order several energy-saving light bulbs and make sure that each nook will be well-lighted. This will make the lavatory appear a whole lot bigger and significantly more spacious than it is. Kitchenaid mixer attachments . Literally, just simply by owning this kind of kitchenware , you could already save as much as $150 due to the flexibility, performance and time efficiency it offers you whenever you cook pasta, noodles, or even challenging Chinese recipes . The excellence of food it gives you and for the people you create for can tremendously improve. You will definitely be recognized for your culinary expertise! free standing kitchen cabinets ? That way, you won't have to have cabinets exactly like everybody else. You will get to own lovely and useful cabinets precisely the way you dreamed of, in your own style, with every minor detail complementing your personal desire. You might decide to use the simple style and minimalist design of Japanese decor . It is easy to get the skilled assistance of home improvement contractors who are familiar with Asian furniture to help you with the whole reconstruction venture, or should you have friends and colleagues who do home interiors and who have nice kitchen islands , you can seek out free advice on the subject. By enhancing the layout of your cooking and food preparation area, you'll have the capacity to move around the kitchen in an effective and free flowing way. landscaping ideas for front yard . This suggests getting the greatest design and functionality suitable for your house - no matter how fashionable and cool your front yard is, if guests can't actually reach the threshold, then what's the use? So consider both features and looks while getting your front yard designed. On the subject of your veranda, there are probably several major patio furniture clearance discounts at your neighborhood furniture shops, at rummage sales and online. Get a solid wood table with an outdoor umbrella in the center to provide your house a particular tropical appeal. Wicker versions are beautiful also. For evenings outdoors, you could have light fixture parts mounted around your deck and yard that will help generate a comforting environment. You can spend time there with the family or friends and have a little party while connecting over beer and a barbecue. Sounds really nice, right? Wooden doors , in particular those made of hardwood, will deliver safety for any kind of property because of their durability. They are able to survive any climate, they don't tarnish and in addition they are available in many complicated carved patterns. After you get the entrance doors put in place, then you can start working on your living room and ensure that you have one of the finest coffee tables around. Remember, they serve as the focus of your living room and consequently must seem interesting while also being useful. Consider the way log homes appear - this could possibly serve as your inspiration when you aim to establish a correspondingly enjoyable atmosphere for your house. Yes, they look old-fashioned, nevertheless these days, solid wood furnishings translates to having a sophisticated household. tansu can also serve as a perfect room divider as they look wonderful on both sides. Plus, you could keep precious objects on its shelves like classic urns or maybe a modest TV. You can even consult interior decorators and they will likely suggest exactly the same thing. antique dining furniture . Even if valued a great deal higher than the non-antique type, this is simply because their value and allure is undeniable. It's easy to purchase them at traditional furniture shops, and even at garage sales. Should the cost be too great for you, then at the least buy one of those dining tables constructed from solid or reclaimed wood. They're quite a bit less highly priced, however they unquestionably are long-lasting. table linen which fits every situation, whether it is Christmas, Thanksgiving, Halloween, Valentine's Day, and so on. You'll be able to pair it with complementary porcelain dishes and cutlery as well. floor mirror . This is usually a popular option for bettering any house. Once positioned in the bedroom, it will allow more light to get reflected, thus helping to make the area appear bigger without the need to bring in extra space or light.You can even apply this in your basement (if you have one) should you want to turn it into a area in which people can spend time, instead of just storing older stuff there until it gets moldy and dirty. In case you're going all out, consult a professional about your basement flooring options as well as your overall house designs and floor plans . You don't want to take a direction you know nothing about. For your basement, you'll be able to cover your floor with paint, plywood, bamboo, vinyl, tiles, or any material you see fit so long as you ensure that there won't be any rain water seepage. The temperature in the basement varies far more considerably that that of any other space inside your home. Moisture concentrations are also unique and so the products used must be able to stand up to the environment down there. nursery furniture sets . If it's a baby boy, grab something in sky blue, if it's a baby girl, grab something in soft pink. Make perfectly sure that the tiny pillows and blankets match, are relaxing for the newborn, and created from hypoallergenic fabric. You can check with a family doctor or your baby's doctor before buying. Generally, they will buy their own medical furniture and have amazing suggestions about where you get the very best for infants too. Toronto SEO company. They are the most effective in terms of refining search phrases for your services and products in the search engine listings. They guarantee that your products or services reach people who need them, which often ensures good results for your business. Regardless of whether it's jewelry supplies you are offering online or modern furniture , you will see your business climb as increasing numbers of shoppers are exposed to your business' web pages. In one of our favourite examples, ForTheLoveOfBeads went from 5 sales of African trade beads SciFi Fantasy Reviews SciFiChick News, Reviews, Interviews, and Giveaways Home SciFiChick.com Sci-Fi/Fantasy Art Gallery SF/F Links About Me Contact Information SciFi / Fantasy Books Books Read in 2014 Books Read in 2013 Books Read in 2012 Read in 2011 Read in 2010 Read in 09 Best Sci Fiction / Fantasy Books of 2013 Best Sci Fiction / Fantasy Books of 2012 Best Sci Fiction / Fantasy of 2011 Best Sci Fiction / Fantasy of 2010 Best Sci Fiction / Fantasy of 2009 Sci Fiction / Fantasy Book Reviews Sci Fiction / Fantasy Books Received Sci Fiction / Fantasy Titles Received in 2014 Sci Fiction / Fantasy Titles Received in 2013 Sci Fiction / Fantasy Titles Received in 2012 Sci Fiction / Fantasy Titles Received in 2011 Received in 2010 Received in 09 Received in 08 Received in 07 SciFi / Fantasy Movies Sci Fiction / Fantasy DVD / Blu-Ray News Sci Fiction / Fantasy Movie Reviews Sci Fiction / Fantasy Movie News SciFi / Fantasy TV New SF/F TV Shows This Fall 2013 Sci Fiction / Fantasy TV Reviews Sci Fiction / Fantasy TV News SciFi / Fantasy Interviews RSS Current Giveaways! On the Set of: Recent Comments You're welcome, Alslayer! Happy to promote quality... Thanks Melissa and Kailana!... Happy Anniversary, I've been following you almost ... Happy Blogiversary!!!... Your review made me check out this book. I read t... I started this last year, but I had a weird readin... I know! And the wait is much too long between movi... I never really got into this show when it was on t... I'm reading The Golem and the Jinni thanks to you!... You wont regret it! If you liked the Hunger Games,... Archives Select Month February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 June 2006 May 2006 January 2006 November 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 February 2005 December 2004 October 2004 Sponsors Amazon.com Widgets Feb 25 Fantasy Book Review: Defy by SciFiChick on February 25, 2014 at 6:00 am Posted In: Book Reviews , Fantasy Defy by Sara B Larson Synopsis: The longer Alex is held captive with both Rylan and the prince, the more she realizes that she is not the only one who has been keeping dangerous secrets. And suddenly, after her own secret is revealed, Alex finds herself confronted with two men vying for her heart: the safe and steady Rylan, who has always cared for her, and the dark, intriguing Damian. With hidden foes lurking around every corner, is Alex strong enough to save herself and the kingdom shes sworn to protect? Review: Defy is a powerful story wrought with mystery, intrigue, magic, and a bit of romance. Well-paced and thoroughly engaging from beginning to end, I couldnât put this one down. This fantastic YA debut is surprising and unforgettable. I highly recommend this fantasy adventure for teens and adults alike. The sequel canât come soon enough. Tags: fantasy , sci fiction , sci-fi , science fiction , scifi , scifi fiction , super powers , ya Comment Feb 24 Fantasy Book Review: A Wind in the Night by SciFiChick on February 24, 2014 at 6:00 am Posted In: Book Reviews , Fantasy A Wind in the Night by Barb and JC Hendee Synopsis: At the same time, Dhampir Magiere, Leesil, and Chap continue their desperate search for the Orb of Air, still burdened with the master assassin, Brotâan, and the elven outcast girl, Wayfarer. Still hunted by a team of assassins, they escape on the first available ship only to find themselves under the power of a sadistic captain. Even if they manage to survive this voyage, there is a trap waiting for them at the journeyâs end that is beyond anything they can imagine. Review: A Wind in the Night is the 12th book in the Noble Dead saga, book 3 of series 3. I thoroughly enjoyed this new story in this rich, fantasy world. Full of mystery, intrigue, and interpersonal drama â it was hard to put down. The suspense builds with in a climactic finale for Wynn, Chane, Osha, and Shade. But it leaves off in a cliffhanger for Magiere and Leesil as they arrive at their destination, with enemies lying in wait. I eagerly await the next in the series as the story comes to a head. The strengths of this long-running series are the vivid characters and complex stories. This unique, high fantasy with vampires, elves, and other magical creatures never disappoints. Tags: fantasy , sci fiction , sci-fi , science fiction , scifi , scifi fiction , super powers Comment Feb 22 Star-Crossed, Beauty and the Beast Clips by SciFiChick on February 22, 2014 at 8:00 am Posted In: SciFi , TV Star-Crossed These Violent Delights Have Violent Ends Preview Beauty and the Beast Catch Me If You Can Preview Tags: fantasy , sci fiction , sci-fi , science fiction , scifi , scifi fiction , super powers , TV , ya Comment Feb 21 Book Giveaway: Poison by SciFiChick on February 21, 2014 at 6:00 am Posted In: Fantasy , Giveaways Courtesy of Disney Hyperion, I have a paperback copy of Poison by Bridget Zinn for one (1) lucky winner! Contest is open to US residents only. No PO Boxes, please. To enter, just fill out the form below. Contest ends March 21. Ill draw a name on March 22, and notify winner via email. ENTER DAILY TO INCREASE YOUR CHANCE OF WINNING! Good luck! Read the rest of this entry Tags: fantasy , sci fiction , sci-fi , science fiction , scifi , scifi fiction , super powers , ya Comment Feb 20 SciFi Book Review: Avalon by SciFiChick on February 20, 2014 at 6:00 am Posted In: Book Reviews , SciFi Avalon by Mindee Arnett Synopsis: Review: Firefly , and thereâs good reason. The fun spirit of the characters, the outlaw setting, an exciting adventure, and (of course) the ship itself make for an irresistible story. Avalon is the first in a promising, new, scifi adventure series. Wrought with danger, suspense, intrigue, drama, and betrayal â I enjoyed this story from beginning to end. Itâs fast-paced, thrilling, and incredibly entertaining. Even though there is a dark intensity, there is still a light-hearted element that keeps the pace fresh and exciting. This space opera will appeal to teens and adults alike. I would have liked to see the main characters fleshed out a bit more. Hopefully, well get more of that in future installments. I look forward to, hopefully, many more adventures of the Avalon crew. Tags: sci fiction , sci-fi , science fiction , scifi , scifi fiction , super powers , ya Comment Page 1 of 563 1 2 3 4 5 Last Search This Site: Categories Book News Book Reviews Comics Conventions/Tours DVD/Blu-Ray News DVD/Blu-Ray Reviews Fantasy Gallery Giveaways Guest Post Interviews iPhone/iPad/iPod Apps Lists/Thursday 13 Miscellaneous Movie News Movie Reviews Quizzes/Memes SciFi TV TV News TV Reviews Web Twitter Tweets by @TheSciFiChick Facebook Follow on Tumblr - Follow TheSciFiChick Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org SuperPup Blog Sitemeter SciFi Fantasy Reviews - SciFiChick | Powered by WordPress with Easel | Subscribe: RSS | Back to Top This blog is protected by dr Dave 's Spam Karma 2 : 93105 Spams eaten and counting... Movies Developments Books Authors Television News Features Shop Links FILM DEVELOPMENT Heroes FILM DEVELOPMENT Ted 2 ... FILM DEVELOPMENT Brilliance FILM DEVELOPMENT Feb 20 - FILM DEVELOPMENT The Veil RoboCop - In Theatres February 12 FILM DEVELOPMENT sequel... Transcendence FILM DEVELOPMENT ... FILM DEVELOPMENT Feb 19 - Spectral Winter's Tale FILM DEVELOPMENT Feb 11 - Tarzan movie... FILM DEVELOPMENT The Avengers FILM DEVELOPMENT - If you love our site, then show some LIKE. Read The Last One A Fantasy Adventure Novel by Michael Edward AlienAlmanac Store See Our Features Link Exchange Contact About Navigation General Info Home Blog Articles & Reviews Links What is Scifi 411? Television The Episode Guides Upcoming Shows DVD Release Dates Movies The Movie Guide Movie Release Dates DVD Release Dates In Print The RPG Guide YourOGL DVD Pick of the Week Poll C A N C E L E D S H O W S Which of these canceled SF series will you miss the most? Alias Charmed Invasion Justice League Unlimited Night Stalker Surface Threshold Current Results Quotes Welcome to...Scifi 411! Welcome to Scifi 411, where you can find news on your favorite science fiction & fantasy television shows, movies, DVDs, and RPGs. Web scifi411.com RECENT UPDATES & COMMENTS Monday, September 24, 2007 - Sorry for the lack of updates. I'm now writing for SyFy Portal and attending film school (which is keeping me busy). I have big changes planned in the near future. Friday, February 16, 2007 - I've been away for sometime working away at my column on Paperback Reader and tinkering with other things online. But look back soon for a "makeover" of the site. Thursday, September 14, 2006 - Well you can read about my trip to Dragon*Con... here . I have also started the new YourOGL blog over... here . The Free RPG section (added F20 ) and the Episode Guides ( The 4400 , Blade: The Series , Battlestar Galactica , & Eureka ). Tuesday, August 22, 2006 - Sorry for the lack of updates folks. Things have been very busy. You can check out my Chicago-Con trip ... here . I hope to play some major catch up in the next two weeks. I just posted another edition of The marX Files ... here . Later. Friday, July 28, 2006 - The DVD Release Dates (added Forever Knight The Trilogy: Part 3 ) and the Upcoming TV Shows (updated Painkiller Jane ; added Devils Advocate , Stoner , & Witch Doctor ). Tuesday, July 25, 2006 - The DVD Release Dates (added Dick Tracy The Complete Animated Series , Ghost Busters: The Animated Series , & Return to the Planet of the Apes Animated Series ; moved Ark II , Defenders Of The Earth Volume 1 , & Joan of Arcadia The Complete 2nd Season ) and the Episode Guides ( Ghost Whisperer & Jericho ). Friday, July 14, 2006 - Its Stargate day folks! Tonight marks the premiere of Stargate SG1 season 10 and Stargate Atlantis season 3 on the Scifi Channel. Woohoo! Dont forget that Eureka premieres on the Scifi Channel this Tuesday, July 18. The DVD Release Dates (added Batman Beyond The Complete 2nd Season , Justice League Unlimited Season 1 , The Munster: Two-Movie Fright Fest , She-Ra: Princess of Power: Season 1 - Volume 1 , Tales From The Crypt The Complete 5th Season , & Ultraman: Series 1 - Volume 2 ) and the Upcoming TV Shows (updated Aquaman/Mercy Reef & Heroes ). Tuesday, July 11, 2006 - The DVD Release Dates (added Dark Shadows The Beginning: Collection 1 , Dungeons & Dragons , & Nightmares and Dreamscapes ) and the Episode Guides ( Blade: The Series & Hex ). Monday, July 03, 2006 - The DVD Release Dates (added Dark Shadows Bloopers & Treasures , Dark Shadows DVD Collection 26 , Doctor Who Story #087: The Hand of Fear , Doctor Who Story #140: The Mark of the Rani , Greg the Bunny The Best of the Film Parodies , Krypto The Superdog Volume 2 , Elvira's Movie Macabre - Count Dracula's Great Love , Elvira's Movie Macabre - Devil's Wedding Night , Elvira's Movie Macabre - Doomsday Machine , Elvira's Movie Macabre - Frankenstein's Castle Of Freaks , Elvira's Movie Macabre - Legacy Of Blood , & Elvira's Movie Macabre - Werewolf Of Washington ) and the Movie Release Dates (added Death Race , DOA: Dead or Alive , Dragons of Autumn Twilight , & Sex and Death 101 ; moved Wind Chill ). Thursday, June 29, 2006 - The DVD Release Dates (added Ghost Hunters: Season Two Part 1 , Ghost Hunters: Season Two Part 2 , Ghost Hunters: The Very Best Of Season Two , & Harvey Birdman: Attorney at Law Volume 2 ) and the Episode Guide ( Heroes ). Friday, June 23, 2006 - The DVD Release Dates (added Blackstar: The Complete Series , Roar: The Complete Series , The Space Sentinels: The Complete Series/The Freedom Force: The Complete Series , & Voltron: Defender of the Universe Set 1 ) and the Movie Release Dates (moved Iron Man ). Wednesday, June 21, 2006 - The DVD Release Dates (added Buffy the Vampire Slayer: Curse of the Hellmouth , Charmed The Complete 6th Season , He-Man and the Masters of the Universe: Season 2 - Volume 2 , Mystery Science Theater 3000 Volume 10 , & Twilight Zone The Complete Collection ) and the Upcoming TV Shows (updated Aquaman/Mercy Reef & Ultra ; added Untitled Warren Ellis black comedy/science fiction Project ). Wednesday, June 14, 2006 - The DVD Release Dates (added ALF - Season 4 , Medium The Complete 2nd Season , & Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles - Volume 5 ) and the Episode Guides ( The 4400 & Blade ). Tuesday, June 6, 2006 - The DVD Release Dates (added Battlestar Galactica 2.5 & Ghost Whisperer: The Complete 1st Season ), the Episode Guide ( Lost ) and the Upcoming TV Shows (updated Ultra ). Wednesday, May 31, 2006 - The DVD Release Dates (added Charmed The Complete 6th Season , Mission: Impossible The Complete 1st Season , Star Trek: The Animated Series The Complete Series , & Super Mario Bros. Super Show! Volume ) and the Movie Release Dates (moved Superman Returns ). Tuesday, May 23, 2006 - The DVD Release Dates (added Masters of Horror Dario Argento: Jenifer , Masters of Horror John McNaughton: Haeckels Tale , Masters of Horror Argento/McNaughton 2-pack and Medium The Complete 2nd Season ; moved The Tick The Belated 10th Anniversary Edition ), the Movie Release Dates (added Special & Telepathy ) and the Episode Guides ( Lost & Stargate Atlantis ). Thursday, May 18, 2006 - The DVD Release Dates (added 3rd Rock from the Sun Season 5 ), the Movie Release Dates (moved The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian ), the Episode Guides ( Heroes & Lost ), and the Upcoming TV Shows (added Day Break ; updated Aquaman & Jericho ). Tuesday, May 16, 2006 - The Movie Release Dates (removed Used Guys ) and the Episode Guides ( Angel , Blade , & Lost ). Monday, May 15, 2006 - The DVD Release Dates (moved The Tick ), the Episode Guides ( Invasion , Lost , & Surface ) and the Upcoming TV Shows (updated Heroes & Raines ). Friday, May 12, 2006 - The DVD Release Dates (added Look Up In The Sky ), the Movie Release Dates (moved The Reaping , The Visiting , & The Wicker Man ), the Episode Guides ( Dead Zone & Invasion ) and the Upcoming TV Shows (updated Heroes & Raines ). Thursday, May 11, 2006 - The Episode Guides ( Justice League Unlimited & Lost ) and the Upcoming TV Shows (updated Aquaman & Ultra ). Wednesday, May 10, 2006 - The DVD Release Dates (added Doctor Who Story #013: The Web Planet & Doctor Who Story #054: Inferno ) and created the Episode Guides ( Blade , Eureka , & Torchwood ). Friday, May 5, 2006 - The DVD Release Dates (added Supernatural: The Complete First Season & Ultraviolet ; moved Invasion: The Complete First Season ) and the Upcoming TV Shows (added Blink & The Bishop ; updated The Prisoner ). Thursday, May 4, 2006 - The Movie Release Dates (added The Box ) and the Episode Guides ( Lost & Stargate SG-1 ). Wednesday, May 3, 2006 - The DVD Release Dates (added The Brak Show Volume 2 , Farscape: Starburst Edition - Season 4 Vol 1 , Fullmetal Alchemist: Vol. 9 - Pain and Lust , Hologram Man , The Munsters Americas First Family of Fright , Sealab 2021: The Complete Fourth Season ; moved Lost The Complete 2nd Season The Extended Experience ) and the Movie Release Dates (added The Un-Dead ). Monday, May 1, 2006 - The DVD Release Dates (added Surface The Complete First Season ; moved Jack of All Trades The Complete Series & Threshold The Complete Series ), the Episode Guide ( Lost ), and The Ramblings of Marx Blog ("Survivor: The SF TV Series Edition - Part 2"). Friday, April 28, 2006 - The DVD Release Dates (added Alias The Complete 5th Season & Carnivale The Complete 2nd Season ) and the Upcoming TV Shows (added Caprica , Persons Unknown , & Snap ; updated Motel Man ). Thursday, April 27, 2006 - The DVD Release Dates (added Flash Gordon The Complete Series , Jack of All Trades The Complete Series , & Lost The Complete 2nd Season ) and the Movie Release Dates (added Aliens Vs. Predator 2 , Family Time , Star Blazers , & Star Trek 11 ). Tuesday, April 25, 2006 - The DVD Release Dates (added 3rd Rock From The Sun - Season 4 , Andromeda: Season 5 - Collection 5 , The Best of She-Ra: Princess of Power , Clawed - The Legend of Sasquatch , Cowboy Bebop Remix 5 , Dark Shadows: DVD Collection 25 , Fright Club , I Dream of Jeannie: The Complete Second Season , King of Kong Island and Other Ape Flicks , & She-Ra: The Secret of the Sword ). Thursday, April 20, 2006 - The DVD Release Dates (added The Pretender: The Complete 4th Season ) and the Movie Release Dates (added Case 39 , The Hunt , & Larklight ; moved Ghost Rider ). Tuesday, April 18, 2006 - The DVD Release Dates (added Amazing Stories: The Complete 1st Season & The Invisible Man: The Complete 2nd Season ) and the Episode Guide ( Invasion ). Monday, April 17, 2006 - The DVD Release Dates (added The Omega Factor: The Complete Series ) and the Movie Release Dates (added Shadow Puppets ). Friday, April 14, 2006 - The DVD Release Dates (added Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea: Season 1 - Volume 2 ), the Movie Release Dates (added The Illusionist ), and the Episode Guide ( Supernatural ). Also, feel free to check out my new column The marX Files at Paperback Reader . Wednesday, April 12, 2006 - The DVD Release Dates (added Tales from the Crypt The Complete 4th Season & The Tick ) and the Movie Release Dates (added Dragon Tiger Gate & Wicked City ). Tuesday, April 11, 2006 - The Episode Guides ( Alias , Lost , & Smallville ). Monday, April 10, 2006 - The DVD Release Dates (added Star Trek: The Klingon Fan Collective ) and the Movie Release Dates (added Bubba Nosferatu ). Friday, April 7, 2006 - The DVD Release Dates (added Final Destination 3 , The Princess Bride - The "Buttercup Edition" , & The Princess Bride - The "Dread Pirate Edition ) and the Movie Release Dates (added Fragile: A Ghost Story & Heart Shaped Box ; moved 30 Days of Night , The Fountain , & The Grudge 2 ). Thursday, April 6, 2006 - The DVD Release Dates (moved Threshold The Complete Series ), the Movie Release Dates (added Zoo ), the Episode Guide ( Smallville ), the Upcoming TV Shows (updated Aquaman ), and The Ramblings of Marx Blog ("The marX Files"). Wednesday, April 5, 2006 - The DVD Release Dates (added Avatar: The Last Airbender: Book 1 - Volume 4 & The Incredible Hulk The Complete First Season ), the Movie Release Dates (added RIPD , Tonight He Comes , & Underdog ), and the Upcoming TV Shows (added Jekyll ). Thursday, March 30, 2006 - The DVD Release Dates (added Attack of the Sabretooth , Camp Slaughter , Caved In: Prehistoric Terror , The Da Vinci Code: Where It All Began , The Da Vinci Files , Day the World Ended/She Creature , Event Horizon - Special Collector's Edition , Fantastic Children - Vol. 1 , Ghost Stories: Vol. 4 - Senior Screams , House on Haunted Hill/Last Man/The Bat , Mission Impossible Collector's Set , Saga of Viking Women/Teenage Caveman , & Tales of Terror from Tokyo the Movie ) and the Movie Release Dates (added Journey to the Center of the Earth ; moved Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix & His Dark Materials: The Golden Compass ). Wednesday, March 29, 2006 - The Movie Release Dates (added The Spiderwick Chronicles ) and the Episode Guides ( Charmed , Justice League Unlimited , & Stargate SG-1 ). Tuesday, March 28, 2006 - The DVD Release Dates (added The Adventures of Brisco County Jr. The Complete Series & The Man from U.N.C.L.E. Season 1 ), the Movie Release Dates (added Hawaiian Dick ), and the Upcoming TV Shows (added Life on Mars ). Friday, March 24, 2006 - The Movie Release Dates (added Push ) and the Upcoming TV Shows (added Firebrand & Masters of Science Fiction ; updated Blade & Torchwood ). Thursday, March 23, 2006 - The DVD Release Dates (added Red Dwarf: Series 8 with Limited Edition Scutter Toy ) and the Movie Release Dates (added The Stars My Destination ). Wednesday, March 22, 2006 - The DVD Release Dates (added Dead Zone The Complete 4th Season & Swarmed ) and the Free RPG section (added Grim Tales SRD , Hell Comes To Frogtown--The RPG , & Perfect 20 ). Tuesday, March 21, 2006 - The DVD Release Dates (added Aquamarine , Battlestar Galactica 2.5 , The Hills Have Eyes , The Tomorrow People Set 3 , & Underworld: Evolution ), the Movie Release Dates (moved The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian , My Super Ex-Girlfriend , Pan's Labyrinth , Pirates of the Caribbean 3 , Superhero! , & Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles ) and The Ramblings of Marx Blog ("The Doctor (Who) Is In The House "). Monday, March 20, 2006 - Oops. I'm not sure how it happened, but I lost a bunch of data. As you can probably tell, everything after March 10 (at least on this page) was lost. Let me know if you see any missing data on any of the other pages. I'll try to get everything updated as soon as possible. Friday, March 10, 2006 - The Upcoming TV Shows (updated Heroes , Jericho & Ultra ) and The Ramblings of Marx Blog ("Survivor: The SF TV Series Edition"). Thursday, March 9, 2006 - The DVD Release Dates (added Afro Samurai , Invasion The Complete 1st Season , Mystery Science Theater 3000 , & Superman Brainiac Returns ; moved Medium The Complete 1st Season ) and the Episode Guide ( Battlestar Galactica ). Wednesday, March 8, 2006 - The Episode Guides ( The 4400 , Charmed , & Ghost Whisperer ) and the Upcoming TV Shows (updated Ultra ). Friday, March 3, 2006 - The Movie Release Dates (added Weirdsville ; moved Evan Almighty ) and the Upcoming TV Shows (updated Aquaman/Mercy Reef & Jericho ). Wednesday, March 1, 2006 - The DVD Release Dates (added BloodRayne , Samurai Jack: The Complete Seasons 1-3 , & Riddick Trilogy ), the Movie Release Dates (added Batman 2 , Superhero! , & Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles ; moved Battle Angel , Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix , & Sin City 2 ), and the Upcoming TV Shows (updated Raines ). [Previous Updates] Scifi 411 has been on the web since December 15, 2003. Note: When you send us an email, please do not include an attachment without talking to us first. All emails with unknown attachments will be deleted. Copyrights and trademarks for the film and related entertainment properties mentioned herein are held by the respective owners of said properties. Site design and all text Copyright Marx Pyle Marx Pyle Update Log Note! Fine Authors Old New: Frank Baker Stella Benson Tod Davies Michal Ajvaz Samantha Hunt Josh Emmons Walter Moers Andy Duncan Lord Dunsany is arguably the greatest fantasist ever. complete bibliography of Dunsany's work email me donate FORUMS search site site directory forums --why not take a look and even post to them Great Science-Fiction Fantasy Works science-fiction fantasy literature: a critical list with discussions Why Yet Another Science-Fiction and Fantasy List Site? Let's face reality: for the civilized reader, too many--most--web sites about science-fiction or fantasy literature recall American Bandstand For long now the literati So What Have We Here? literature raison d'etre Welcome page linked just a little below. When first I set up this site, I wrote here Click here to continue on to the Welcome (a page that further introduces and explains this site) Site Mechanics: Search this site: (the usual Google search rules apply) Please consider making a (To whom? Why? How? Click here to find out.) Site Directory: The site's Front Page (essential one-time reading) Introductory Material: Welcome: Apologia: the criteria used to make these lists (A long page, so also available in two parts for those with slow internet connections.) Apologia: Part 1 Apologia: Part 2 Site Organization: (the heart of the site) The Authors: Author List Master Authors/Books List A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Specialty Lists : Author Links : external More Books : Other Candidates : (typically gotten to by author) The Books: All Listed Science Fiction Fantasy Books long Preferred Editions : (a work in progress) The Other Books : Overlooked Gems of Science Fiction Fantasy : Light-Hearted Science-Fiction Fantasy : Religiously Themed Science Fiction Fantasy : Science Fiction Fantasy For Younger Readers : 100 Great Works of Science Fiction Fantasy : "Guilty Pleasures" of Science Fiction Fantasy : About Buying Books From Here: Buying Books New: about buying books from Amazon searching for new books at any Amazon division international book-buying considerations Buying Books Used : Our Speculative-Fiction "General Store": the U.S.A. Canada the U.K. Germany France Japan About the Science-Fiction Book Club : (often the most interesting part of any site) Miscellaneous Topics Info: Musings : Obiter Dicta : "That Other Genre" : Science-Fiction Fantasy Art and Illustration : Other Sites : The English Language : Scumware! read this if nothing else whatever Change Log Your Host: Donate: Comments: The Discussion Forums on This Site: The Forums : Notices Introductions Authors and Their Books Author Suggestions Other Media About This Site Everything Else Site Info: The Owlcroft Company Pair Networks your Ubuntu Linux Comments? Criticisms? Questions? Please, e-mail me by clicking here . (Or, if you cannot email from your browser, send mail to webmaster@greatsfandf.com ) All content copyright 1999 - 2014 The Owlcroft Company. This web page is strictly compliant with the W3C (World Wide Web Consortium) Extensible HyperText Markup Language (XHTML) Protocol v1.0 (Transitional) Click on the logo below to test us! (It's free! ) home news reviews features fiction podcast blogs t-shirts wtf? #SciFighters! The Bride vs. Black Widow! Feb. 24, 2014 Yellow track suit or black kevlar? YOU DECIDE. NEW REVOLUTIONSF PODCAST Behold in trembling wonder! We talk about the Mighty Thor! Trailer Probe: Guardians of the Galaxy Rocket Raccoon and Groot in a movie. We have no words. [ Movie ] SciFighters! Jayne from Firefly vs. Daryl from Walking Dead Which awesome fightin` guy won? You voted. Find out here! [ Humor ] SciFighters! C-3PO vs. Marvin the Paranoid Android R2D2`s manservant vs. the plastic pal with the brain the size of a planet. WHO WINS? [ Humor ] Helix Monkeys! Crazy people! Black sputum! [ TV ] Intelligence This show`s title and I beg to differ. [ TV ] Werewolf Probe: Beauty and The Beast, Teen Wolf, Bitten Are these shows everything a big, bad wolf could want? Ooooooowww. I mean, baaaa. [ TV ] RevolutionSF Contest: Win Ex-Heroes Zombie Books Zombies vs. superheroes. Win the whole series! [ Book ] Alien: Out of the Shadows Book set between Alien and Aliens, with extra face hugging. [ Book ] Podcast Probe: Earth Station One, Cyborgs, Unspeakable RevolutionSF presents the best geeky podcasts. [ Audio ] Geek Gift Guide : Saga More gifts for more geeks. Buy often! [ Book ] Wonder Woman Actress Must Not Be Allowed To Be Awesome In Man of Steel 2 An actress will play Wonder Woman, but not the actress you wanted. Stay angry! [ News ] A Petition To Stop James Spader From Being Awesome in Avengers 2 James Spader has less than zero chance of being in Avengers. HA HA 80s MOVIE REFERENCE. [ News ] New Doctor Who Is Actor We Kinda Heard Of, I Guess Fresh meat is here. Start up the spank machine. [ News ] Ben Affleck To Play Batman's Nose and Chin; Internet Explosively Projects The Internet loves Ben Affleck. [ News ] God Has Left The Building After extraterrestrials make contact with mankind, can a man help his brother come to terms with what they reveal? A Broken Promise Slowly he reached in, inch by careful inch until he finally grasped Excalibur. The Geek Curmudgeon Ubalblog The Culture Daikun's Webcomic Recommendations Roll for Ragnarok Things to Buy Yes, YOU can get more from the brains behind RevSF. The only free sci-fi and humor zine left in America. RevolutionSF Poll #SciFighters! Who would win: The Bride or Black Widow? We're High Tech Join us on Twitter Facebook . Search RevSF Random RevSF Easter Sunday contact : advertising : submissions : legal : privacy RevolutionSF is and Revolution Web Development, Inc., except as noted. Intended for readers age 18 and above. SF Index faqs.org SF Index [ By Archive-name | By Author | By Category | By Newsgroup | Schools ] [ Home | Latest Updates | Archive Stats | Search | Help ] Internet RFC Index Usenet FAQ Index Other FAQs Documents Tools Search Search FAQs Search RFCs IFC Home Cities Countries Hospitals Web Hosting Ratings Search the FAQ Archives 3 - A - B - C - D - E - F - G - H - I - J - K - L - M - N - O - P - Q - R - S - T - U - V - W - X - Y - Z sf/david-eddings-faq Subject: alt.fan.eddings Frequently Asked Questions List Maintainer: aphrael@microserve.net (Aphrael) Last Posted: 11 Nov 1998 13:49:02 GMT Last-modified: 1997/02/21 Posting-Frequency: bi-monthly Version: 2.0 sf/david-eddings/fanfic-faq Subject: Alt.Fan.Eddings.Creative Frequently Asked Questions List Maintainer: Aquarius Last Posted: Sat, 10 Apr 1999 09:34:55 +0100 Posting-Frequency: monthly Version: 1.0 sf/david-weber Subject: [FAQ] alt.books.david-weber Maintainer: Cynthia Gonsalves FAQ Home Page: Last Posted: 21 May 2006 04:23:31 GMT Last-modified: 10 December 2001 Posting-Frequency: monthly Version: 1.5 sf/dune-faq/part1 Subject: alt.fan.dune Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) Part 1/4 Maintainer: dunefaq@email.com (Gunnar Harboe) Last Posted: 17 Apr 2004 11:28:19 GMT Last-modified: 2001/12/06 Posting-Frequency: monthly sf/dune-faq/part2 Subject: alt.fan.dune Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) Part 2/4 Maintainer: dunefaq@email.com (Gunnar Harboe) Last Posted: 17 Apr 2004 11:28:50 GMT Last-modified: 2001/12/06 Posting-Frequency: monthly sf/dune-faq/part3 Subject: alt.fan.dune Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) Part 3/4 Maintainer: dunefaq@email.com (Gunnar Harboe) Last Posted: 17 Apr 2004 11:28:51 GMT Last-modified: 2001/12/06 Posting-Frequency: monthly sf/dune-faq/part4 Subject: alt.fan.dune Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) Part 4/4 Maintainer: Gunnar Harboe Last Posted: 17 Apr 2004 11:28:51 GMT Last-modified: 2001/12/06 Posting-Frequency: monthly sf/dune-faq/pointer Subject: alt.fan.dune Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) Pointer Maintainer: dunefaq@email.com (Gunnar Harboe) Last Posted: 11 May 2004 10:51:26 GMT Last-modified: 2001/12/06 Posting-Frequency: weekly sf/fandom-faq Subject: rec.arts.sf.fandom FAQ Maintainer: Vicki Rosenzweig Last Posted: 20 May 2007 04:17:21 GMT Last-modified: 2005/11/26 Posting-Frequency: monthly Version: 1.8.0 sf/groups-intro Subject: Rec.arts.sf groups, an introduction Maintainer: felan@felan.best.vwh.net Last Posted: Mon, 24 Mar 2008 16:21:15 GMT sf/hard/kim-stanley-robinson/faq Subject: [alt.fan.kim-stanley-robinson] FAQ 24 (last modified 2001-08-05) Maintainer: jeandre@techie.com.my (Jeandré) FAQ Home Page: http://go.to/ksr/ Last Posted: 9 Aug 2001 20:41:18 GMT Last-modified: 2001-08-05 Posting-Frequency: weekly (manually on Sundays) (monthly to *.answers) Version: 24 sf/linkoping-faq Subject: Linkoping SF & Fantasy Archive [FAQ] Maintainer: matoh@lysator.liu.se FAQ Home Page: http://sf.www.lysator.liu.se/sf_archive/faq/ Last Posted: 11 May 1997 20:53:06 GMT Posting-Frequency: 11th and 25th each month sf/minnesota-faq Subject: mn.sf (Minnesota SF) FAQ Maintainer: dsgood@visi.com (Dan Goodman) Last Posted: Fri, 27 Feb 1998 05:42:04 GMT Last-modified: 1997/11/26 Posting-Frequency: monthly Version: 3.0 sf/movies-faq Subject: rec.arts.sf.movies Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) Maintainer: eleeper@jaguar.stc.lucent.com () Last Posted: 24 Jun 2001 13:26:03 GMT sf/robert-jordan-faq Subject: rec.arts.sf.written.robert-jordan FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) Maintainer: jsn@concentric.net (John S. Novak, III) FAQ Home Page: http://www.landfield.com/faqs/by-newsgroup/rec/rec.arts.sf.written.robert-jordan.html Last Posted: 12 Nov 2001 06:16:20 GMT Last-modified: 11 Nov 2001 Posting-Frequency: weekly sf/science/quick-faq Subject: SF science quick FAQ v. 1.5.4 Maintainer: Richard Treitel Last Posted: Thu, 04 Mar 2004 05:06:13 GMT sf/terry-brooks/faq Subject: Terry Brooks FAQ Maintainer: ImranG@btinternet.com (Imran) FAQ Home Page: http://members.xoom.com/ImranG/ Last Posted: Thu, 11 Mar 1999 21:41:35 GMT Last-modified: 29th September 1998 Posting-Frequency: monthly sf/written-faq Subject: rec.arts.sf.written Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) Maintainer: eleeper@jaguar.stc.lucent.com () Last Posted: 24 Jun 2001 13:27:04 GMT [ Usenet FAQs | Web FAQs | Documents | RFC Index ] PLEASE NOTE: The maintainers of this archive are NOT Last Update August 08 2012 @ 06:22 AM Home Comics Art Gallery Stories Weblog About Home ...to a con artist. It's the account of a traumatic event in my life that happened during my college years. But enough chit chat. If you've the stomach for a story like this, read it here , in the Stories Area . At long last, 3500AD Chapter 6 has been released! You can read it here. There is also a short preview of Chapter 7, which can be found here. Enjoy! Wishing everyone a Merry Christmas for 2012 and an awesome New Year! Well, well, well, this certainly is a first for me. If not a first, then it hasn't happened in quite a while. An actual timely update! 3500AD Chapter 5 has been liberated from the deep, dark dungeons of my consciousness. It can be found here , in the Stories Section . Let's hope that this new trend of timely updates continues! Only time will tell. Anyway, enjoy! Update: 3500AD Chapter 4 has finally been released from captivity. Captivity in my head that is. It can be found here , in the Stories Section . I've also been working on Chapter 5, and I'm about halfway or so through it. It should be ready shortly. I've actually been working full time for a year now, although not in my preferred capacity. Hopefully in a few more years (sooner, I hope) I'll have saved up enough money to start a multimedia company. I have all these projects I want to work on, but apparently I won't be able to complete them by myself. I'll have to hire some staff to get these things done! Wish me luck, everyone! Titanium Knights Episode III has been updated. (It's about time, I know.) It's been a long summer, but I enjoyed it. I got lots of extra work. Now that fall is here, and things at work are slowing down a bit, I have had more time to work on Titanium Knights Episode 3 . I finally got the "Comic Engine" interface set up so the comic is easier to read. I'll probably still have to do some more tweaking depending on the feedback I receive. I decided to put Titanium Knights Episode 3 directly on the Comics page for easier access to readers. It can still be found in its original location here as well, for those who actually enjoy drilling down through menus. As a bonus, all the comic pages have been redone. I added a title page, and improved the intro story. I'm much happier with the improvements. I'm actually working on the next two pages now, and hopefully they'll be done soon. Thanks for reading. Everyone have a great Halloween! Hello all! In today's update, I am proud to announce that Chapter 3 of 3500AD has been published in the Stories Section . Yes, it has been a long time in coming, but it's finally here. I hope you enjoy it! I am currently working on future chapters, but not necessarily in sequential order. So I can't currently promise when the next chapter will be released. Also, please check out chapters 1 and 2 of 3500AD. The story will make much more sense if you do! The links are below: 3500AD Chapter 1 3500AD Chapter 2 3500AD Chapter 3 Please enjoy. Thank you for visiting my web site. Take care! Hello all! Just a quick update to inform everyone that Titanium Knights character profiles have been added. This is just the beginning, of course. More profiles will be added as new characters appear in the story. The profiles can be found here: Titanium Knights Character Profiles Take care everyone, and enjoy! -Steve Hello all! I want to thank you for visiting TitaniumKnights.net , and to wish everyone a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year! Happy Holidays to one and all! -Steve Hello all! The Art Gallery section has been expanded with an additional page - Art Gallery 4 . It includes more artwork from my high school and college days. I am also pleased to announce that TitaniumKnights.com now leads to TitaniumKnights.net ! Thanks for reading! -Steve I havent gone anywhere! Lots of things are still in the works. What they say about multitasking is very true - youd be done significantly faster if you did each project individually than if you juggled multiple projects. Multitasking creates the illusion of getting more work done faster. Oh well. I have many projects that I want to publish simultaneously, so multitasking fits my goals anyhow! I also get bored working on one thing for too long anyway, so I like to break things up a bit... Oh, I almost forgot! Im posting this update to let interested parties know that 3500AD Part 2 is out! Youll find it in the stories section. Or, just click here . I hope you all enjoy it! Later! -Steve Hello everyone. Weve had some technical issues with the site for the last couple of days, but as you can see, we are back! Our content is being restored as I type this. Any news of our demise has been greatly exaggerated! For the moment, I leave you with this saying: Yes, Steel is stronger and harder than Titanium. A hardened Steel blade can cut through a Titanium blade with ease. However... after all is said and done, after the battles won, even the mighty Stainless Steel has been fatigued, corrupted, and corroded - rusted away to mere nothingness. Yet humble Titanium remains, standing tall, shining and bright, free of corrosion, uncorruptible. That is Titaniums true power - the ability to endure to the end, and to resist the evil of corruption. Such is truly a strength that lasts. Actually, many things have been updated. I finally redid the third page to properly fit the story. You can read more about that on my blog page here . I am working on the next page so dont fret! Good things come to those who wait. I want to make sure this comic is the best it can be, and since this site currently has few visitors, I find it to be the perfect opportunity to take my time and do it right! I am sure that as I complete more pages, more visitors will come. Build it, and they will come... Titanium Knights Episode III The Titanium Knights Episode III comic is live. Only two pages so far, more to come. You can find it in the Comics section under (what else?) Titanium Knights. Or just click the following link... Titanium Knights Episode III Comic What happened to Episodes I and II? I decided to work on them later since they are not as action packed as Episode III. Home Comics Art Gallery Stories Weblog About Contact Us Links Copyright 1992-2013 Steven Shawn Wexler. All Rights Reserved. The MORAV series is a dark and gritty military drama, featuring massive 30-foot tall robots. It's a non-stop action adventure, that explores the human condition, while paying homage to favorites like Aliens, Transformers, BattleTech, Robotech, Gundam as well as many Anime classics. Set in the near future, MORAV captures the political and sociological trajectory of today's global current events. MORAV: The History of Robotic Warfare , the graphic novel, is the first installment of the MORAV series, which introduces the Multi-Operational Robotic Armored Vehicles referred to as MORAVs, and explores the ways this new technology changes the world. The story follows a young pilot, Lt. Michael Okeda, who discovers a conspiracy to start a corporate war for control of Tangri Island. MORAV: The History of Robotic Warfare is available for purchase at Amazon.com . MORAV: Missions , a captivating sci-fi tale that follows a motley crew of unforgettable characters as they're deployed in various conflicts around the world during WW3, to fight for their political and personal freedom during the birth of giant robotic warfare. MORAV: Missions is currently in production. We do not have corporate sponsorship, so we're working with an amazing group of volunteers, and asking you to donate to our project to help us launch the first MORAV: Missions episode. Completing the first episode will enable us to bring you the rest of the series using advertising revenue. Join the MORAV team! Follow MORAV on Facebook! MORAV Custom Search BRIEFINGS M.O.R.A.V. Sphericorp Joint Nations Defense Force Tangri Island Tangri Police Dragon Army 
