 Satellite Badminton Club Search... Home Welcome News What's New Club Information Learn About Us Summary Playing at the Club New Players Day Time Location Cost Format of play What to bring Signing In Club Etiquette Attendance Level Player Standards Member Benefits Discounts Frequent Player Rewards Racquet Restringing Member Services Group Buys Links Explore Featured Badminton Players Wanted Badminton Courts Badminton Organisations Badminton in Perth Contact Ask New Players How to join Sign Up to Play Waiting List Support Got a question? Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Advertise About Us Who we are History Testimonials Social Connect with us Facebook Google+ Forum Blog Shop Buy How To Buy Protech Products Request Quote Demo Racquets Skip to content WHO Not-for-profit badminton club run by volunteers. WHAT Social doubles badminton in a fun and friendly environment. WHERE Jim Satchell Recreation Centre. Light Street, Dianella WA 6059. WHEN Every Monday night from 7:30 to 11:30pm. HOW New players must register for an invitation to play. Welcome! The Satellite Badminton Club is a social badminton club that meets weekly every Monday night at the Jim Satchell Recreation Centre in Dianella. Our mission is to provide a fun and friendly environment for players of all levels. New players must register The club is currently invitation only. If you are interested in playing at the club, please register for an invite. You'll be added to our waiting list and subsequently invited once we can accept more players. Our Location The Jim Satchell Recreation Centre is located on Light Street amongst the surrounds of the Dianella Regional Open Space. It has been home to the club since 1995. Shuttles are provided To enhance your playing experience, we use tournament grade feather shuttlecocks by Protech. Other Protech badminton products are available to order. Bring your own racquet Loan racquets are available upon request. If you intend on playing on a regular basis, we recommend you invest in your own racquet. Attendance Meter WAITING LIST We are currently experiencing high turnouts. Thank you everyone for your patience. We will endeavour to invite those on the waiting list as soon as we can. Details 25 September 2013 To help keep waiting times down and ensure attendances are kept to manageable levels, all new players must first register before visiting the club. Please do not attend until you receive your invitation. This includes players who simply wish to try out the club, as well as those who would like to become a member. Details 02 January 2014 We are now accepting new memberships for 2014. Membership is open to all current players of the club. Our Players Over the years, we've had players from all over the world and backgrounds including: Brazil Canada China Denmark England France Germany Guernsey Hong Kong India Indonesia Ireland Iraq Italy Japan Kenya Korea Malaysia Mauritius Myanmar Netherlands New Zealand Pakistan Philippines Poland Romania Russia Scotland Singapore South Africa Sri Lanka Sweden Taiwan Thailand United States Vietnam Zambia Zimbabwe New Players Track your position Quick Links Session Details Attendance Chart Calendar Lost Found Forms Indemnity Form Membership Form Follow Us Next Club Event Loading... Waiting List Status Players Wanted Latest Articles Popular Did you know? Top Skip to content Sitemap Facebook Forum Advertise About Us FAQ Copyright 2014 Satellite Badminton Club. All Rights Reserved. Jim Satchell Recreation Centre. Light Street, Dianella WA 6059. 
