 The Hunter Badminton Association has a proud history spanning over 50 years, serving the local Newcastle area and Hunter region as a whole. Our purpose built Newcastle Badminton Centre (consisting of 4 courts) is located in the suburb of Wickham. We accommodate and welcome players of all skill levels & ages - hosting several social sessions per week, regular competitions, yearly tournaments & social events and junior training for 5-18 year olds. Private court hire can also be arranged. If you haven't played badminton before, new to the area or looking for a new sport then come & experience Newcastle's fastest racquet Sport ! We hope to see you soon ...... Upcoming Events - March 2014: The Hunter Badminton Inc. Tournament sub-committee would like to invite all members to enter for the many competitive events that are planned for 2014. Here you will find a schedule of the main tournaments and competitions. The very first event for the year is our Social League that started on 5th February and will run for 7 weeks through February and March. On 1st, 2nd and 8th March we have the first round of Player Ranking Events for 2014.  You will be able to earn points towards your overall ranking for 2014. Further information is to be found Here. Progress in this league is available on Tournament Software HERE On 15th March we have our Bare Foot Bowling Social event at Lambton Bowling Club.  There will be a leaflet distributed at the club with more information about this.  Tell Geoff Harbourne if you are interested in attending. Following along not far behind is the Newcastle Open Tournament for 2014, on 22nd and 23rd March.  This event is open to anyone that is affiliated with a club that is registered with Badminton NSW or Badminton Australia.  This event will be available online via Tournament Software.  Registration and payment online using Paypal will be available.  We will also take registration and payment the old fashioned way (using paper and cash).  Look for more information about this event to be released in the next few days (week of 23rd February 2014).  Registrations for this event will close on 14th March 2014. Generally, entry forms for each event will be made available a few weeks prior to each event.  You will also be able to register and pay online via our new Tournament Software system (more info to be provided later). When the events come up, you are encouraged to pick a partner, complete your entry form online or pass them in paper form with your payment to Tony, Gian, Min Yuan or Mark. You can also place them in the mail box located at the entrance to the hall.  Be sure to put your form and the fee in a sealed envelope marked with your name and the amount enclosed.  Envelopes can be found at the front desk.  Each half of a doubles pair need to register separately (but mention your partners name on your own form). Entry fees are $12 per event per person - but pay for any two events and get the 3rd for free. Juniors are $10 per person. The committee would particularly like to encourage entries in the Singles Tournaments this year. Remember, the Doug Gill Trophy tournament is for club members only. If you know of someone that is not a member but would like to enter, then they will need to join the club. Membership forms are to be found under the notice board at the hall.       Main Menu Home Membership Club information Sponsors and Partners Page Courts fees session times Tournaments and Competitions 2014 Wednesday Night Competition Information Junior Badminton Board Members Contacts Newsletters Downloadable forms information Links Contact us History of Hunter Badminton Historical facts information Life members Awards Past winners Regional State Players Photos Juniors in action General Club Joomla! . Valid XHTML and CSS Designed by Viva Computers 
