 Prospective Students Current Students Alumni Parents Faculty Staff Diversity Request Info Find Your Rep Visit Campus Register for an Event Apply for Admission Ask a Question First-Year Freshmen Transfer Graduate Law Non-Degree WWAMI International Admitted Online Learning Tuition & Costs Financial Aid Dual-Credit Classes Housing & Greek Degrees & Majors VandalMail Request Transcripts VandalWeb Register for Classes BbLearn Apply for Graduation Find your Advisor Find Classes Add/Drop Classes Dates & Deadlines Student Accounts Career Center Library Campus Rec ITS Help Desk Vandal Health Ed. ASUI Safety / Emergency Update Your Info Vandal Vibe Class Notes University Magazine Alumni Awards Lifetime Email Events Chapters and Clubs GOLD Young Alumni Volunteer Give to Idaho Find a Vandal Vandal Voyagers Travel Vandal Credit Card Vandal License Plate Liberty Mutual Benefits VandalStore Parents' Guide Parent Newsletter Dates & Deadlines Request Info Safety / Emergency Support Services Dads' Weekend Moms' Weekend Homecoming Vandal Athletics Commencement Jazz Fest VandalStore Find Registrar Forms Parent Orientation Visit Moscow Play Golf VandalWeb BbLearn ITS Help Desk Office 365 Email APM (Procedures) Faculty/Staff Handbook Career Center Dates & Deadlines Holiday Schedule Library Safety / Emergency Staff Affairs Human Resources Payroll Benefits Dining Hours Campus Rec VandalStore For future students Diversity Certificate Go Multicultural Greek Stop the Hate Multicultural Reps Volunteer Multicultural Affairs Native American Center Women's Center LGBTQA Disability Services CAMP Diversity Council Ubuntu Equity & Community Access & Inclusion Apply Visit Give University of Idaho YouTube Flickr Facebook Twitter A - Z | Directory | Locations uidaho.edu This Site About Admissions Academics Student Life Research Athletics Calendar Arts Outreach University of Idaho CNR Home College of Natural Resources Academics Hands-On Experience About the College Research Outreach Student Services Meet Our People Motorpool News & Features Calendar of Events Academic Opportunities Education: The CNR Way Our People Read Success Stories Contact CNR Moscow College of Natural Resources Semester In The Wild Join us in America's Wildest Classroom for a semester of integrated learning in the environmental sciences and humanities. Discover the natural resource conservation program Make a Difference Prepare to influence human behavior in order to better protect and conserve the environment. Home on the Range Workman makes a name for herself and the university in rangeland management Catching a Career in Fisheries When Michael Quist was 9 years old, he helped his uncle. By the end of the trip, Quist knew he wanted to study fisheries. College of Natural Resources University of Idaho partners on $1.5 million grant for Doris Duke Conservation Scholars Program In mid-September, the Doris Duke Charitable Foundation announced $4.5 million in grants to launch the Doris Duke Conservation Scholars Program at universities around the country, including a $1.5 million grant to the University of Florida for a partnership with institutions across the U.S., including the University of Idaho. Learn about CNR's partnership with the University of Florida Jo Ellen Force Receives Prestigious SAF Award Jo Ellen Force will be recognized for 30 years of work in the forestry profession when she receives a national award this year. Read more Professor Ken Cain Wins Mid-Career Faculty Award Fishery Sciences professor Ken Cain is one of this year’s recipients of the President’s Mid-Career Faculty Award, acknowledging his demonstrated commitment to outstanding scholarship, teaching and engagement. Read more Online Student Pursues Fire Degree Megan Fitzgerald will graduate from the University of Idaho in May with a Master’s degree in Natural Resources. Online Student Pursues Fire Degree Stemming the Stream of Snails UI research scientist investigates use of DNA to identify New Zealand mudsnails before they take over streams Learn more Apply Schedule a Visit Questions? Make a Gift In 2014, the University of Idaho celebrates 125 years. Celebrations will take place in Boise, Idaho Falls, Coeur D'Alene and Moscow. The College of Natural Resources shares more than 100 years of that legacy. We celebrate our past, present and future in our latest alumni magazine Kurt Pregitzer Dean, College of Natural Resources Faculty & Staff Resources CNR Motorpool CNR Feature Stories Join Our Online Communities! Motor Pool About At a Glance Extension Leadership Foundation Strategic Plan Safety Website Privacy View More Admissions Why U of Idaho? Undergrad Admissions Graduate Admissions Law School Admissions Transfer Admissions Non-degree Admissions Admitted? Next Steps View More Academics Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Online Learning Colleges Medical Ed (WWAMI) Libraries Find a Degree View More Student Life BbLearn Vandal E-mail Clubs & Organizations Around Town Student Services Student Government Housing & Greek View More Research Find Research VP for Research For Investors Corporation | Foundation Funding & Grant Mgmt. Research Assurances Student Research View More 2014 University of Idaho Mailing Address | p. 208-885-6111 | info@uidaho.edu 
