 About this site About us Our beliefs Is this your first visit? Contact us External links Recommended books Visitors' essays Our forum New essays Other features Buy a CD of this site Vital notes World religions BUDDHISM CHRISTIANITY -Christian definition - - -Persons - - -Denominations HINDUISM ISLAM JUDAISM WICCA / WITCHCRAFT Other religions Cults and NRMs Comparing Religions Non-theistic beliefs Atheism Agnosticism Humanism Other About all religions Main topics Basic information Gods Goddesses Handling change Doubt security Quotes Movies Confusing terms Glossary End of the World? True religion? Seasonal events Science vs. Religion More information Spiritual/ethics Spirituality Morality ethics Absolute truth Peace/conflict Attaining peace Religious tolerance Religious freedom Religious hatred Religious conflict Religious violence topics Very hot topics Ten Commandments Abortion access Assisted suicide Cloning Death penalty Environment Same-sex marriage Homosexuality Human rights Gays in the military Nudism Origins Sex gender Sin Spanking Stem cells Transexuality Women-rights Other topics Laws and news Religious laws Religious news Sponsored links About origins Menu Sponsored link. Beliefs about origin of the species: Since most religions have a unique creation story, the total number of belief systems about origins is quite large. However, the vast majority of Americans believe one of the following three belief systems: Naturalistic evolution: The universe began with a big bang some 13.82 billion years ago. The Earth coalesced about 4.5 billion years ago, literally out of stardust -- the waste products of exploding supernovae. Within about 1 billion years, the first forms of elementary life came into existence. These single-celled animals subsequently evolved over billions of years producing an enormous variety of species, most of which are currently extinct. Either no God exists, or the God who exists took no part in this evolution. Theistic evolution: As for naturalistic evolution, except that God controlled and directed evolution and used it as a tool to produce the diversity of species currently present on Earth or now extinct. Creation science: God created the Earth, sun, moon, planets and other stars less than from about 6 to 10 thousand years ago. He then created all of the plant and animal life. Finally, he fashioned Adam out of mud, and Eve from of a rib of Adam. This section contains polling data about the percentages of Americans who believe in each of these three belief systems. Topics covered in this section: 1987 poll among earth and life scientists; Polls from 1982 to 2010 polls among the general public Polls by various groups, 1999 to 2005 Polls by various groups, 2006 to 2010 Beliefs in states throughout the U.S. Beliefs in other countries across the world. Karl Giberson reviews evolution's status in 2013 Other related essays dealing with evolution creation science: Overview of evolution and creation science 3 conflicting world views , and many individual belief systems Beliefs held by various faith groups Go Evolution v. creation science menu , or choose: Web ReligiousTolerance.org Page Translator: This page translator works on Firefox, Opera, Chrome, and Safari browsers only After translating, click on the show Sponsored link: 
