 Genentech Biooncology Home Research Education Research Apoptosis Apoptosis GLOSSARY ON OFF Print share ' Explore BioOncology Resources by Tumor Type Home Page Molecular Basis of Cancer Presentations Fundamentals and Evolving Concepts Colorectal Cancer Lung Cancer Breast Cancer Gliomas Hematological Malignancies Molecular Biomarkers in Cancer Featured Content Hallmarks of Cancer Glossary Contact Research Education Research ADCs Research Apoptosis Apoptosis Resisting apoptosis Apoptotic pathways The Bcl-2 family Reactivating apoptosis Useful resources References Glossary Research B cell Research BRAF Research Cancer Immunotherapy Research HDIs Research HER Pathways Research MET Research PI3K Research VEGF Molecular Causes of Cancer Tumor Types Biological Pathways Therapeutic Targets Pipeline Molecules Clinical Trials Resources Contact Us Register for Newsletters Unsubscribe Share Related Resources for this page: Tumor Types DLBCL fNHL Multiple Myeloma Molecular Causes of Cancer Growth Signaling Evading growth suppressors Sustaining proliferative signaling Genome Instability and Mutation Evading the Immune System Angiogenesis Tumor-promoting Inflammation Tissue Invasion and Metastasis Cellular Replication Cell Metabolism Apoptosis Biological Pathways Apoptotic Signaling Therapeutic Targets BCL-2 Pipeline Molecules Bcl-2 Specific Inhibitor (GDC-0199) Clinical Trials DLBCL fNHL Multiple Myeloma Cancer Biomarkers DLBCL Diagnosing DLBCL Clinical Molecular CD22 DLBCL Multiple Myeloma Receptor-Mediated Endocytosis Cytotoxic agent What are ADCs? Stable linker Monoclonal antibody Current research in ADCs Targeting cancers with ADCs Glossary A brief history of ADCs How are ADCs designed to work? Research ADCs Multimedia Resources VEGF in multiple myeloma Summary VEGF expression in multiple myeloma VEGF pathways in multiple myeloma VEGF and prognosis in multiple myeloma Multiple Myeloma fNHL Diagnosing fNHL Prognostic indicators Follicular Lymphoma Future Directions Antibody-Drug conjugates HER Signaling Receptor-Mediated Endocytosis Anti-CD22 ADC (DCDT2980S) Anti-CD79b ADC (DCDS4501A) Cytotoxic agent What are ADCs? Stable linker Monoclonal antibody Current research in ADCs Targeting cancers with ADCs Glossary A brief history of ADCs How are ADCs designed to work? Research ADCs Multimedia Resources Emerging therapeutic options Emerging therapeutic options VEGF in multiple myeloma Summary VEGF expression in multiple myeloma VEGF pathways in multiple myeloma VEGF and prognosis in multiple myeloma Apoptosis Emerging therapeutic options Bispecific Monoclonal Antibodies Emerging therapeutic options Emerging therapeutic options Emerging therapeutic options Non-Antibody Biologics Apoptosis Extrinsic pathway VEGF in multiple myeloma Summary VEGF expression in multiple myeloma VEGF pathways in multiple myeloma VEGF and prognosis in multiple myeloma Targeted Small Molecules Apoptosis MAPK Signaling PI3K Signaling Cobimetinib (GDC-0973) Pictilisib (GDC-0941) Glossary Emerging therapeutic options Emerging therapeutic options Emerging therapeutic options Additional targets Biomarker investigation The PI3K signaling pathway PI3K as a target VEGF in multiple myeloma Summary VEGF expression in multiple myeloma VEGF pathways in multiple myeloma VEGF and prognosis in multiple myeloma Gastric Cancer Multiple Myeloma Traditional Monoclonal Antibodies Angiogenic Signaling B-cell Surface Proteins HER Signaling Direct cell death Emerging therapeutic options Emerging therapeutic options Emerging therapeutic options Glossary VEGF in multiple myeloma Summary VEGF expression in multiple myeloma VEGF pathways in multiple myeloma VEGF and prognosis in multiple myeloma Gastric Cancer Apoptosis video View the apoptosis mode of action video View video Share Apoptosis: a critical process in homeostasis In order for a cellular environment to maintain homeostasis, there needs to be a balance between cell life and cell death. If cell death is occurring too often or not often enough, it can disrupt homeostasis and lead to a variety of diseases, including cancer. 4 Programmed cell death occurs mainly as a result of apoptosis, autophagy, and necrosis. 5 Apoptosis, however, is the most common way the body eliminates damaged or unneeded cells without local inflammation from cell leakage. 6,7 Apoptosis plays an important role throughout life, from embryonic development to adult tissue homeostasis. 1 During embryonic development, neural apoptosis helps sculpt the brain. 8 In adults, homeostasis maintains health by balancing cell death with cell proliferation. 1 Cells that undergo apoptosis exhibit a characteristic pattern of morphologic changes, including cell shrinkage, condensation, fragmentation of the nucleus, and bubbling of the plasma membrane, known as (Image 1.1). 7,9 Image 1.1. A closer look at a cell undergoing apoptosis. Enlarge this image The malfunction of apoptosis is a key hallmark of cancer and is critical for cancer development and tumor-cell survival. Such health implications underscore the potential of using therapeutic strategies to manipulate apoptosis. 1,2 SITEMAP / PRIVACY POLICY / TERMS CONDITIONS / CONTACT US / 2014 Genentech USA, Inc. All rights reserved. / BIO0000907901 Next section: Resisting apoptosis 2011 Genentech USA, Inc. All rights reserved Explore BioOncology Resources by Tumor Type X Use this Related Resources tool to quickly access topics of interest throughout the site that are relevant to a tumor type. Select a tumor type to get started : Related Resources Learn more about Tumor Types Breast Cancer CLL Colorectal Cancer DLBCL Follicular Lymphoma Gastric Cancer Glioblastoma Lung Cancer Melanoma Multiple Myeloma Ovarian Cancer Pancreatic Cancer Renal Cell Carcinoma Other Tumor Types 
