 TheArtList.com Forgot your username or password? Click Here Home Register Submit Art & Photo Calls Featured Artists Testimonials Welcome to TheArtlist.com TheArtList.com is the leading online resource for visual artists and photographers looking for income and exhibition opportunities. Unlike other static email lists or opportunity newsletters, our online art and photo call submissions database is updated daily with high quality art and photography calls. We also offer a digest of featured art contests, photography calls, and opportunity announcements in our monthly newsletters. Artists & Photographers Search Hundreds of Income & Exhibition Opportunities Art Galleries, Art Organizations, Museums... Promote Your Art Contests & Photography Calls Online Reach thousands of artists and photographers actively looking for calls, contests, and opportunities to enter. Our robust publishing platform will help you maximize the reach of your art call or photography call announcement with featured listings in syndicated RSS feeds that run on partner and art and photography websites, showcasing in our monthly newsletter that are sent to over members, to thousands of our Twitter followers and Facebook Fans. We also offer additional premium marketing options such as sending dedicated eBlast announcements of your art or photography call to our mailing list. $ 15,093,737 in art contest and opportunity awards currently posted. Artist of the Month Justin Silver Horowitz Brooklyn, NY Testimonials FEATURED ART CONTESTS PHOTOGRAPHY CALLS MEMBER LOGIN - TO VIEW ALL ART & PHOTOGRAPHY ANNOUNCEMENTS Total Opportunities: 39 | Page: 1 2 3 4 $1375 in Awards Black & White 2014 with Juror Jason Landry The Center for Fine Art Photography $1800 in Awards International Open Gallery Submission Call for All Artists. Galleryfor.me, NY Galleryfor.me , 680 Metropolitan Ave. 1L , Brooklyn, New York, 11211, United States $2200 in Awards ART BIOLOGIC SlowArt Productions / Limner Gallery , 123 Warren Street, Hudson, New York, 12534, United States $250 in Awards Call for entries for INSTA-ARTIST smart phone photography exhibit Annmarie Sculpture Garden & Arts Center , 13480 Dowell Road, P.O. Box 99, Dowell, Maryland, 20629, United States A' Design Prize A DESIGN AWARDS , Via Manara 9, Como, Idaho, 22100, Italy $3000 in Awards Beaumont Art League National Exhibition 2014 Beaumont Art League , 2675 Gulf Street, Beaumont, Texas, 77703, United States Projekt30's April 2014 Exhibition Online Event Foul Perfection - How Humor impacts the most thought provoking art Online Event $900 in Awards International Call for Entry Mobile Photo Mpls Photo Center , 2400 North Second Street, Minneapolis, Minnesota, 55411, United States Figurative Online Event Total Opportunities: 39 | Page: 1 2 3 4 Art List Advertisers Advertise on TheArtList.com Home About Advertise Benefits Partners Privacy Policy Contact Art Resources Directory: Art Directory Home Art Books Art Competitions Art Contests Art Consultants Art Galleries Art History Art Organizations Art Supplies Artists Art Blogs Art Forums Calls for Entry Add your site... Art Resources Directory: Art Directory Home Crafts Art Directories Education Instruction Art Events Illustration Juried Art Shows Marketing Promotion Misc. Art Links Art Museums Opportunities for Artists Photo Organizations Add your site... Art Resources Directory: Art Directory Home Photographers Photography Printmaking Private Art Dealers Art Publications Research Sculpture Art Services Web Design Hosting Workshops and Tours Add your site... 
