 Get Flash About Last Man | Enter Last Man 3 | Last Man Coverage | Judging Panel | Artist Interviews | Last Man Tutorials Jason Chan , Last Man Standing's very first crusher of dreams, talks about life in the concept art industry and sings me a beautiful song. Last Man Standing 2 champ Shelly Wan is way too nice to admit that she is a badass. Illustrator and newborn babyâs-daddy Dan Dos Santos answers nueve decent questions and uno completely stupid one. Nic Klein helps kick off the launch of Last Man Standing with our first interview. Big plans for LastManArt.com... I've got something cooking up right now, a nice big fat secret that I hope to unveil sometime in the Spring. Suffer the winter with some art to prepare, that's all I'm saying. in the meantime, I'll be uploading a few more interviews and goodies planned to tide you over. Check back often, kiddos. Cicinimo (Jaime Jones) wins Last Man Standing 3! After months of hard work and 359 contenders out of the running, Cicinimo takes home this year's Last Man Standing title! Congrats Jaime! Round Four matches announced! We've taken our sweet time getting here, but we've finally come to the final round of LMS3! Follow the link to see the final 6 contenders! Round Three matches announced! Only 18 contenders left as the LMS3 Round Three matchups are been posted! Round Two entry threads are live! Round Two's 18 matches have been posted on Conceptart.org, each entry interpreting this round's topic Outbreak . Check it. Round Two matches announced and an interview with Min Yum / Bumskee! Official LMS3 Round Two matchups have been posted ... see whose souls you'll have to eat to get through to the next round. Also, an interview with the keeper of the world's most delicious name, Min Yum . Round one entry threads are live! All 72 matches for Round 1 are posted over at Conceptart.org, so you goddamn well better check them out now! Matches 1-24 / 25-48 / 49-72 (links pop in new window). Round one matches and topic announced! Last Man Standing is officially on! See round one's match listing, deadline and topic here . Reserve list sign up begins and an interview with Jason Chan! Open sign ups are now over, but you can still register to be put on the reserve list here . Also, an interview with Last Man Standing 1 winner Jason Chan . He's so dreamy... Sign up for Last Man Standing 3! Sign up for the Last Man Standing 3 thunderdome will run until we reach 320 contenders. Think you got what it takes to go toe-to-toe with some of the industry's finest? Prove it . 3 interviews up in the Artist Interviews section. Interviews with Dan Dos Santos, Nic Klein and our reigning queen of the LMS Shelly Wan are up in the Artist Interviews section! LMS3 Launches! Welcome back for the 3rd incarnation of the only source that matters for all out artistic war, the Last Man Standing thunderdome! This time around we're bringing you more than the most massive Last Man Standing event to date... we've got regularly updated interviews with the most promising contestants and judges knee deep in the proverbial shit, tutorials accompanying what will surely be some of the most impressive entries in the thunderdome as of yet, and still more to come. Enjoy the site, come back often and we'll see you in the dome! 2009 LastManArt.com. All rights reserved. Site map Cody Tilson Hosting by: Huevia TheArtList.com Forgot your username or password? Click Here Home Register Submit Art & Photo Calls Featured Artists Testimonials Welcome to TheArtlist.com TheArtList.com is the leading online resource for visual artists and photographers looking for income and exhibition opportunities. Unlike other static email lists or opportunity newsletters, our online art and photo call submissions database is updated daily with high quality art and photography calls. We also offer a digest of featured art contests, photography calls, and opportunity announcements in our monthly newsletters. Artists & Photographers Search Hundreds of Income & Exhibition Opportunities Art Galleries, Art Organizations, Museums... Promote Your Art Contests & Photography Calls Online Reach thousands of artists and photographers actively looking for calls, contests, and opportunities to enter. Our robust publishing platform will help you maximize the reach of your art call or photography call announcement with featured listings in syndicated RSS feeds that run on partner and art and photography websites, showcasing in our monthly newsletter that are sent to over members, to thousands of our Twitter followers and Facebook Fans. We also offer additional premium marketing options such as sending dedicated eBlast announcements of your art or photography call to our mailing list. $ 15,093,737 in art contest and opportunity awards currently posted. Artist of the Month Justin Silver Horowitz Brooklyn, NY Testimonials FEATURED ART CONTESTS PHOTOGRAPHY CALLS MEMBER LOGIN - TO VIEW ALL ART & PHOTOGRAPHY ANNOUNCEMENTS Total Opportunities: 39 | Page: 1 2 3 4 $1375 in Awards Black & White 2014 with Juror Jason Landry The Center for Fine Art Photography $1800 in Awards International Open Gallery Submission Call for All Artists. Galleryfor.me, NY Galleryfor.me , 680 Metropolitan Ave. 1L , Brooklyn, New York, 11211, United States $2200 in Awards ART BIOLOGIC SlowArt Productions / Limner Gallery , 123 Warren Street, Hudson, New York, 12534, United States $250 in Awards Call for entries for INSTA-ARTIST smart phone photography exhibit Annmarie Sculpture Garden & Arts Center , 13480 Dowell Road, P.O. Box 99, Dowell, Maryland, 20629, United States A' Design Prize A DESIGN AWARDS , Via Manara 9, Como, Idaho, 22100, Italy $3000 in Awards Beaumont Art League National Exhibition 2014 Beaumont Art League , 2675 Gulf Street, Beaumont, Texas, 77703, United States Projekt30's April 2014 Exhibition Online Event Foul Perfection - How Humor impacts the most thought provoking art Online Event $900 in Awards International Call for Entry Mobile Photo Mpls Photo Center , 2400 North Second Street, Minneapolis, Minnesota, 55411, United States Figurative Online Event Total Opportunities: 39 | Page: 1 2 3 4 Art List Advertisers Advertise on TheArtList.com Home About Advertise Benefits Partners Privacy Policy Contact Art Resources Directory: Art Directory Home Art Books Art Competitions Art Contests Art Consultants Art Galleries Art History Art Organizations Art Supplies Artists Art Blogs Art Forums Calls for Entry Add your site... Art Resources Directory: Art Directory Home Crafts Art Directories Education Instruction Art Events Illustration Juried Art Shows Marketing Promotion Misc. Art Links Art Museums Opportunities for Artists Photo Organizations Add your site... Art Resources Directory: Art Directory Home Photographers Photography Printmaking Private Art Dealers Art Publications Research Sculpture Art Services Web Design Hosting Workshops and Tours Add your site... Currently 1667 opportunities listed. Home | All Listings | Calendar | Submissons | Forum | Login Sign up Upcoming Deadlines Type Juried Exhibition Deadline 02/25/14 Show Name BFA Annual Juried Exhibit Categories Type Juried Exhibition Deadline 02/25/14 Show Name 2014/15 National Outdoor Sculpture Competition Exhibition Categories Type Juried Exhibition Deadline 02/25/14 Show Name Voyage Categories Type Juried Exhibition Deadline 02/28/14 Show Name Color, Art, Life and Love Inspired Art Competition April 2014 at Studio 1219 Categories Type Juried Exhibition Deadline 02/28/14 Show Name American Craft Exposition Categories Recently Added Type Exhibition Proposals Deadline 11/01/14 Show Name 2014 Solo/Group Exhibition Proposals | DEADLINE - Ongoing Categories Type Festival Deadline 08/01/14 Show Name Ventura Art Street Painting Festival Categories Type Festival Deadline 06/04/14 Show Name FortArtisan Art Fair part of Taste of the Arts Categories Type Juried Exhibition Deadline 05/01/14 Show Name The Art Science of Color Categories Type Exhibition Proposals Deadline 04/07/14 Show Name Gardiner Art Gallery Categories Upcoming Openings Type Juried Exhibition Show Start 03/22/14 Show Name 29th Annual Made in California Juried Exhibition Categories Type Juried Exhibition Show Start 03/22/14 Show Name HOME Categories Type Festival Show Start 03/21/14 Show Name Sugarloaf Crafts Festival in Somerset Categories Type Juried Exhibition Show Start 03/21/14 Show Name BFA Annual Juried Exhibit Categories Type Juried Exhibition Show Start 03/20/14 Show Name Massachusetts Categories News Artist sign up to day to get these great features. Basic accounts are free no credit card required. Save shows to your own "My Shows" list Shows in "My Shows" display show dates on a calendar Add images to your saved shows Keep notes on each show Fixed a bug that was causing some shows not to display in the calendar. Email notification of upcoming deadlines is currently not working. ÂŠ 2012 Studio Behara. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Rockstar Contests - Art and Design Contests and Opportunites Browse our listings of art and design contests, competitions, deadlines, calls for entry, and other opportunities for creative Rockstars. Contest Spotlight The 50th Founders Juried Awards Exhibition The Naples Art Association at The von Liebig Art Center in Naples, Florida invites all artists to enter original 2-demensional or 3-demensional art for The 50th Founders Juried Awards Exhibition. Entry Deadline Mar 19 2014 Cat: Art Contests All Art Forms | Type: Call for Entries Upcoming Contest Deadlines The 50th Founders Juried Awards Exhibition The Naples Art Association at The von Liebig Art Center in Naples, Florida invites all artists to enter original 2-demensional or 3-demensional art for The 50th Founders Juried Awards Exhibition. Entry Deadline Mar 19 2014 Cat: Art Contests All Art Forms | Type: Call for Entries Please Login or Register | Why signup? Why Post at Rockstar Contests? It's Quick and Easy Affordable for any Budget Get Tons more Entries Learn more Recently Added Contests Griffin Museum of Photography CALL FOR ENTRIES: 20th Juried Exhibition Art Contests Photography The 29th Chelsea International Fine Art Competition Art Contests All Art Forms The 50th Founders Juried Awards Exhibition Art Contests All Art Forms View more Art Schools Home Art Contests Design Contests Contests and Opportunities for Creative Rockstars Login or Register | FAQ | Contact | Advertise Rockstar Partners Become a Partner Spread the Word! Download a banner and link to us! Get contests on your site! Download our contest widget Rockstar Contests brings you the latest art contests , design contests , competitions, call for entries, exhibitions, scholarships, and other opportunities in the creative fields. Contest Archive About Advertise Contact Privacy Terms of Use Enter Now Categories Fees Entry Requirements Why Enter About About the Awards Judging Awards Guidelines Terms of Use FAQ Winners Winners Gallery Winners Map Testimonials Publicity Tools Store Contact 2013 Davey Awards 9th Annual Davey Award Winners Announced Honoring Small Firms With Big Ideas WEB DESIGN VIDEO ADVERTISING MOBILE 2013 2013 winners Gallery New Categories OUR PARTNERS Edit or complete your entries Email Password Register Forgot your password? Login Follow @w3awards Copyright 2012 Davey Awards 
