 contact masthead newsletter search deu - esp Home Art in UiU Biennials Magazine Specials Visual arts from Africa, Asia, the Americas in the international art context Less Time Than Space in Buenos Aires Bodies and figures of bodies By Bnice Saliou My Father's House By Michaela Kamburowa Al Riwaq Art Space By November Paynter Kader Attia By Laurie Ann Farrell Hala Elkoussy By Jelle Bouwhuis Where Three Dreams Cross By Rosa Maria Falvo Not Easy... By Haupt Binder From our archive - some recommendations: 10th Biennale de Lyon - extensive photo tour Venice Biennale 2009 2nd Biennial of the End of the World The Sky Within My House The Age of Discrepancies FuturaManila The Tropics - Photo Tour Hlio Melo By Jos Roca Africa Remix VSO: INterVENCIONES Access to more contents: Nafas Art Magazine Contemporary art from the Maghreb to the Middle East, from Central to Southeast Asia Magazine Articles: Art from Latin America, Asia, Africa Specials Exhibitions projects Index of artists Including links to the corresponding pages on this website Biennials Information, photo tours, calendar RSS Feeds: Nafas Art Magazine Magazine - General Philagrafika 29th So Paulo Biennial 21 Sept. - 12 Dec. 2010. Chief curators: Moacir dos Anjos, Agnaldo Farias; 5 curators. Preview information. Short News: Home Works 2010 - Program 22 April - 1 May 2010, Beirut, Lebanon. A Forum on Cultural Practices. Lectures, panels, exhibitions, screenings. Iran Inside Out in Dubai A selection of the show of contemporary Iranian art alongside examples from the Farjam Collection, on view until 15 June 2010. Future Generation Art Prize For artists up to the age of 35. Exhibition of shortlisted artists at PinchukArtCentre, Kiev. First prize: $100,000. Deadline: 18 April 2010 Art Ecology in the UAE International call for outdoor art projects that produce renewable energy. Land Art Generator, United Arab Emirates. Deadline: 4 June 2010 Instants Vido Festival 2010 Call for video art, documentary, installation, experimental film, animation. Marseille, France. Penang International Print Exhibition Participation is open to all printmaking artists from around the world. Penang, Malaysia. Newsletter: free Newsletter . Copyright: All rights reserved contact masthead newsletter search 
