 What Is A Print? Original Antique Prints and Print Processes Contents: [ What Is A Print? | Woodcut Wood Engraving | Engraving | Etching ] Aquatint | Stipple | Mezzotint | Lithography | Reproductions ] Go to: [ Reference Library home page | Dictionary of printmaking terms | Glossary of abbreviations ] Paperback version of What Is A Print? | Philadelphia Print Shop home page ] What Is A Print? print is a piece of paper on which a design has been imprinted from a matrix made of some selected medium, usually stone, wood, or metal. In an original print the matrix is made by hand, as opposed to a reproduction , which is made by a photomechanical method . Any print issued prior to 1900 is considered to be an antique print , though non-mechanically made prints published before World War II are sometimes considered to be antiques. relief , intaglio , and planographic . relief print the image is printed from a raised surface on the matrix, so that the printmaker creates the matrix by cutting away that part which he does not want to show in the image. To create a relief print the ink is applied to the raised surface of the matrix, which is then pressed onto a sheet of paper. Examples of relief prints are woodcuts and wood engravings . intaglio print the image is printed from a recessed design in the matrix, so that the printmaker creates the matrix by cutting into it the design he wishes to imprint on the paper. To create an intaglio print the ink is pressed into the design cut in the matrix, the surface is wiped, and the ink is then transferred to the paper under pressure. This process creates the platemark which is the hallmark of an intaglio print. Examples of intaglio prints include engravings , etchings , aquatints , stipples , and mezzotints . planographic print the image is printed from a flat matrix, where the image was created on the surface by use of a grease crayon or with greasy ink. To create a planographic print, water (which is repulsed by the greasy image) is washed onto the surface, and then ink (which is held by the greasy image) is applied to the surface. A press is then used to transfer the image to the paper. Lithographs are planographic prints. Woodcut Wood Engraving chromoxylograph is an image printed in color from a wood block. Because these processes print in relief, they were often used to illustrate relief typeface books and newspapers. Engraving per se . Strong lines and sharp definition are characteristic of engravings. The earliest known line engravings were issued in the fifteenth century. A method of engraving in a steel plate, which allows for finer detail and many more impressions than does copper, was developed by Thomas Lupton in 1822. Etching Aquatint Stipple Mezzotint vice versa . In a mezzotint the metal plate is worked using a rocker, which roughens the entire surface of the plate with tiny holes and burrs. If the plate were printed at this time the image would be completely velvet black. Areas that are to appear in lighter tones or in white are smoothed out on the surface so that they will hold less ink. Mezzotint is an intaglio process, so prints made in this manner will have a platemark. The mezzotint process makes a very richly textured image and was used particularly for portraits. Mezzotint was invented by a German soldier named Ludwig von Siegen around 1642 but was refined later in that century by Abraham Blooteling. Used primarily in the eighteenth century, it was especially popular in England and was often called la manire anglaise . Mezzotinting was relatively unknown in the United States until it was brought to prominence by John Sartain . Lithography chromolithograph is a colored lithograph, with at least three colors, in which each color is printed from a separate stone and where the image is composed from those colors. A tinted lithograph is a lithograph whose image is printed from one stone and which has wash color for tinting applied from one or two other stones. Lithography is a planographic process and so no platemark is created when a lithograph is printed. Photomechanical Methods Click here for image of half tone screen print. ] Photomechanical prints include line blocks, half tones, photogravures, photolithographs and collotypes. [ Click here for image of collotype print. ] Go to dictionary of printmaking terms Go to glossary of print abbreviations For more information; call, write, fax or e-mail to: PhilaPrint@PhilaPrintShop.com 
