 Close Ad PhotoRetouch Welcome to my personal web site! My site is dedicated to share photos with the rest. It's divided in two parts: photoretouch and landscape pictures. Photoretouches are my passion so that's what I gave to my page as a title. Currently I have only published seven photoretouches. I recommend anyone interested to see them, even for me: I'd appreciate if anyone could send me some photoretouches of their's. Photoretouches All interested should take a look at the landscape pictures. I've taken them personally: they are all from the Italian Mountain Range Marche-Umbria, where I live. Landscape Pictures Contact Me Done with Adobe Photoshop. Click to receive e-mail when this page is updated Powered by NetMind Photoretouches ChiaraBoni Voodoo V copies DiscoClub Entry Card Micheal Johnson Contact Me Landscape Pictures First Series Micheal Jordan Two Brothas Katy M-Dog, To save the day. What's New Sunrise, Lower Falls, Tahquamenon, July 2007 Irish scribe, eighth century-from the Tain bo Cuailgne October 2008 Saw this sign a month or so ago. September 2008 September 8, 2008 The McAllaster House is for sale . Officially, it goes on the Market October 1st. September 1, 2008 Purely by chance I found myself on the waterfront of Traverse City during a trip to Sleeping Bear Natonal Lakeshore. Moored there was my unidentified vessel , which proved to be the Welcome. June and July 2008 July 9 Just two days after the end of the Michigan Training Institute, I was in Iowa responding to the flooding. I haven't written anything about it yet, but I do have some of my pictures loaded. Link of the moment I wander the web. I wander it a lot. Link of the moment showcases websites I find particularly interesting, well designed, or just plain beautiful. Jamie White, The Square Rigger Jo Grabowski Links of moments past Off the Radar Things that used to be on this page can be found in the archives: 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 Alarums and Excursions TOUGH! Main Page Dale Austin , 1962-2008 Food and Wine Recipes Cookbooks Food in Movies and Fiction Pentamere Winery, Tecumseh MI Raftshol Vineyards, Sutton's Bay MI L. Mawby, Sutton's Bay MI Family Christmas Eve A Genealogy Richard D. Austin, Jeweler, 1936-1990 Richard D. Austin: Manuscripts and Clippings Tex Austin Nancy Ann (Merx) Austin Wedding, 1982 Helen Austin Dale Austin LEGO projects Bauss Family Archive Austin/Bauss Family Photos Menominee, Michigan Other Family A Cat Named Dumpster A Cat Named Henrietta A Cat Named Blert Cats: Predators by Nature Places I've Lived Cat Hierarchy Theater The Sanity of Actors The Costumer's Manifesto Graphics Freeware Printer's Marks Graphics Projects Graphics How-To Figure Drawings Photoshop Experiments Resume Resume Earth and Environmental Sciences Ecology and Evolutionary Biology Major Projects Graphics Projects Trips Backpacking Sailing Other Places Places Cottage, Coshocton, Ohio Ramsdell Natural Park, Lenawee County, Michigan Cotswold Cottage and Forge, Greenfield Village, Michigan Tahquamenon Falls, Michigan Center for American Archaeology, Kampsville, Illinois Cemetery, Copper Harbor, Michigan Rocky River Reservation, Cleveland, Ohio Glen Arbor, Michigan Otter Creek Sleeping Bear National Lakeshore Port Oneida-Sleeping Bear National Lakeshore Brisling Pottery-Suttons Bay, Michigan Mill Creek State Park, Michigan Fayette Historic Town Site, Michigan Two Hearted River, Michigan Erie Marsh Preserve San Francisco Tecumseh, Michigan Vulture Roost Otter Slide Brookside Cemetery Globe Mill Pond Indian Crossing Trails Park Mill Ponds of Tecumseh Development Dept. Pentamere Winery Links Photo Manufacturers/Retailers Alternative Photo Processes Other Photographers html and the Web Boats and Sailing Woodworking Archival Storage and Bookbinding Inspired Lunacy Business on the Web Politics, Skeptics and Atheism Humor Metal Working Reading List BLOGS Expelled Hank Fox Decrepit Old Fool WaiterRant Lawyers, Guns and Money The Bad Astronomer James Howard Kunstler: The Geography of Nowhere Stupid Evil Bastard The MacGyver Files Punching Bag Bracket-Low Ceiling Ballet Barre Bronze Belaying Pins Lathe Relocation Chuck Spacer Plates Tap Guides Round Flat Thing Mandrel Cat Door Ramp Bike Rack for a Small Pickup Truck Nikon Coolscan 4000 Modification Stethoscope Repair Parrel Bead Turning Thimble die Essays and Rants Exploding Spaghetti Squash Mugged by Turkeys Vivian Williams Stampede Kidney Stones Crisis Response Standards Deathcults God or Santa? Walnut Shell Boats Mrs. Barry Flint and Steel Rope The Radiator Won Capsizing a Canoe Freeze Frame/Rapids View Hardware Packrats Sticks and Stones McMansions Not an Online Journal LCD Color Shifts Powerpoint and Information The Web Is Not TV Why the Words Matter 20 Bucks a Month and an Attitude Desktop Publishing is Neither A Software List is Not a Job Description Web Design 1 Web Design 2 Shovel-Ware Navigation and GPS The Tyranny of the Spreadsheet Websex How to Become a Webmaster Copyright and the Web PDAs: The Ultimate Laptop Why a Lab Notebook? Thoughts on Backpacking Relief Operations DR769-08 Iowa Tornado and Floods: June 17 - July 5, 2008 Confessions of a Red Cross Emergency Volunteer DR865-06 Katrina Diaries: September 4 - 26, 2005 DR244-06 Pennsylvania Floods: June 30 - July 12, 2006 DR659-08 Hurricane Dean: August 18 - 22, 2007 My Life as a Red Cross Volunteer Wood and Metalwork Shop Notes Some Examples Photographic Projects Loom, Natchez Mississippi Machinist's Jacks Boats and Boat Building Building a Dinghy Building Pangur Ban-a 28' Sharpie Construction Details Boat Pictures Photography Nudes Other Photographs Photo Notes Studios: Past and Present Things to Make Protecting Family Photos James McAllaster House About the House Outside Views Landscaping Portico Plan and Elevations (PDF) Trim Details (PDF) Foyer Dining Room Living Room Kitchen Master Bedroom Sitting Room The Library (The Treehouse) Upstairs Bedroom (The Lumberyard) Studio Basement Workroom-Machine Shop Wine Cellar Coal Bin Mudroom Renovations, 1999-2008 Historical Musings Clan McAlister of America References and Articles The Object in Question Cast Iron Frying Pan Hudson Bay Hatchet Lath House Cannon Model Ship Model GI Joe Papyrus Paintings Manual of Physical Training, United States Army, 1914 Home Made Fishing Game Ravensburger's Rivers, Roads & Rails Rules of Land Warfare Field Entrenchments, American Edition Camping Utensil Set Canvas Camp Basin Blacksmith-made Hammer Treadle Lathe, Mill Creek State Park, Michigan Coleman Two Burner Camp Stove Scouting Patches "Chin Chin Kobakama" Cabela's Xtreme Weather Tent The Storm, Copper Harbor MI Schooner Alvin Clark Jacquard Loom SVEA 123 Backpacking Stove Bud vase Drafting tools Austin Family Bible Flint and Steel Rope Home Gallery About Me Contact Me Flame and Horsehead Nebula Ive got approx 6 hours of Ha and RGB data on the Horsehead and Flame Nebula.Â  I need more, I aim for around 20 hours.Â  In the meantime, I am enjoying practising processing using books and internet forums.Â  Processing is hard, no doubt about it, and it is starting to click for me albeit slowly.Â  I think the key is similar to normal photography.Â  The best images are made in the camera no amount of processing will make a poor photo amazing.Â  Anyway, here is the latest HaRGB combination of this target. Processing Technique in a Nutshell Linear Processing Ha Linear: Dynamic Crop DBE Mask and AT Noise Reduction Invert Mask and Deconvolution using Star Mask and Local Deringing Support.Â  Generate PSF using Dynamic PSF. RGB Linear: Register against Ha Linear DBE Mask and AT Noise Reduction Invert Mask and Deconvolution using Star Mask and Local Deringing Support.Â  Generate PSF using Dynamic PSF. Create HaRGB Linear Image Create a HaR image: Extract channels of Linear RGB. C1 = B/N Denoise using AT the C Map Use Pixel Math so Bnew = N * C1 Repeat but this time C2 = Bnew/N Denoise C2 Use pixel math so Bfinal = C2*N End result is HaR. Create HaRGB: Use linear fit setting original R as reference and appy to the new HaR. Use channel combination to combine HaR with G and B from original image. Result is HaRGB. Non Linear Processing Stretch the Image: Use script Masked Stretch to initiall stretch the image. Use Histogram to final stretch the image.Â  Adjust channels if needed so peaks are aligned on R, G and B. Create LSS+SSS Using Masks: Create Star Masks to generate LSS and SSS Use Histogram Transformation to stretch LSS and SSS being careful not to clip any pixels. Combine LSS and SSS using PixelMath LSS+SSS Further Processing: Use HDRMultiscaleTransform Use LocalHistogramEqualization using clone mask and also invert User CurvesTransformation for Saturation Boost and Contrast Boost with Star Mask Use ACDNR Finishing Touches in PS: High Pass Merge Ha with RGB again with Luminosity set to 50% Add frame and text then save for web December 29, 2013 Ian Aiken Astro Sessions The Moon 19th April 2013 I had a go at some Lunar using my IMG 132E camera.Â  I spent around 4 hours in the cold getting to grips with the software and settings and practising focusing but I think it paid off.Â  Before now, I hadnt really spent the time to learn the camera or the software, too focused on DSO imaging. So here is a 4 panel mosaic from the 19th April 2013. For each panel, the best 40% frames out of 1,000 frame AVI were used running at approx 18 fps.Â  The resolution of the AVI was 1280 x 1024, which is large!Â  I did experiment with 640480 which ran at approx 60 fps but I need to revisit that.Â  I understand there are merits for high frame rate, but I think that may be more important for Plantary imaging rather than Lunar.Â  Ill give it another go next time the moon is out over the Summer. April 29, 2013 Ian Aiken Astro Sessions NGC281 Pacman Nebula Im currently working on NGC281, known as the Pacman Nebula because of its resemblance to the computer game Pacman, is located in the Constellation Cassiopeia.Â  The Nebula is ~9.5kly away, a kilo-light year (kly) being 1,000 light years.Â  For those not good at sums thats 9,500 light years away which is exactly how long it took the light to get to my scopes. This was imaged using both scopes on a side by side setup, with the ATIK 314L+ on the 80 ED and the QHY8L on the 100ED, guided with PHD and controlled by Sequence Generator Pro. Integration Atik 314L+: 33 x 600s @ -20C Baader 35nm H-alpha QHY8L: 49 x 420s @ -25C Astronomik LPS (Light Pollution) November 25, 2012 Ian Aiken Uncategorized IC1396 in Ha Comparison of 3 against 10 My current project is to get around 10 hours worth of data for target IC 1396 (Elephants Trunk) using 7nm Ha filter on my Atik 314L+.Â  Currently I am up to a little over 3 hours with 10 x 20 min subs using a Sky-Watcher 80ED DS-Pro on an NEQ6 Mount. I am using Sequence Generator Pro for capturing which is an awesome piece of software by Main Sequence Software as it allows me to plate solve and centre my scope each night the weather is favourable so I can continue capturing the data I need.Â  With UK weather at the moment this the ability to centre with ease is essential for multiple night imaging of one target highly recommended! So anyway more data is needed to finish it.Â  In the meantime I did a comparison of my first night data compared to my first and second night combined.Â  This is a comparison of 3 subs against 10 subs (subs @ 20 mins).Â  You can really see the noise reduction in the 10 sub image and some of the finer detail being resolved. September 14, 2012 Ian Aiken General Happenings Milky Way from near Saint-Jean-dAngle Just spent a nice two weeks in France, first to Normandy for 3 days to attempt to visit some museums (hard with a 2yr old) then to a child friendly Gite near Saint-Jean-d Angle which is reasonably close to La Rochelle. You could make out the Milky Way with the eye, although it did look like a cloud.Â  This shot is taken with a modified Canon 40D on a standard tripod.Â  Around 60 x 30 second exposures were used and stacked and processed in PixInsight.Â  I used continuous shooting with a remote shutter locked with the button engaged since my camera is missing its USB port.Â  Lens was set to 10mm which equates to 16mm on a 1.6x CCD. August 18, 2012 Ian Aiken Astro Sessions Aurora Borealis from Marsden, South Tyneside Its amazing what you can photograph with a compact digital camera.Â  I recently acquired a Canon A3350 from the eBay Canon outlet, its refurbished and was a decent price so no real complaints.Â  Its the only camera I have working at the moment that a human can use (i.e. non Astro) so it was the only choice when a chance to see the Aurora came up on the 17th July 2012. Due to recent solar activity the Kp index (global geomagnetic storm index with a scale of 0 to 9)Â  was very high, possibly a 9 I dont recall, giving an indication that the Aurora Borealis (or Northern Lights) could be seen from lower latitudes than normal.Â  So, since it was actually clear I decided to pop out to see if anything could be seen.Â  After around an hour sitting in the car looking North I caught glimpse of something in a NE direction out to sea (I was sitting in a car park in Marsden) and couldnt believe my eyes.Â  A stream of stuff was making its way down from the sky by witchcraft to the horizon, like a beam of dim white light.Â  Hurriedly I got the camera out and tried to take a long exposure to see if it brought out any colours.Â  Well, its now proven trying to keep a camera stable enough by hand resting on the car door was a challenge so I jumped out of the car and used a bin kindly donated by South Tyneside.Â  I had actually taken my tripod out, but in the rush forgot the shoe that was still attached to the binoculars in the house. I took a few snaps fighting with a nearly dead battery, sitting on it to warm it up to get a few more shots out.Â  The shots were OK and serve as proof something was there and I saw it, but they are too grainy and out of focus for anything else.Â  I think I was more amazed that I had actually seen the Aurora with my own eyes rather than photographed it something I thought would never happen unless I travelled North on vacation.Â  Seeing it was the best, I just wish my wife was there to share it with me (she was in bed keeping an ear open for our 2 yr old daughter). July 25, 2012 Ian Aiken General Happenings 1 2 3 4 5 TOP NEXT Recent Posts Flame and Horsehead Nebula The Moon 19th April 2013 NGC281 Pacman Nebula IC1396 in Ha Comparison of 3 against 10 Milky Way from near Saint-Jean-dAngle Aurora Borealis from Marsden, South Tyneside Jupiter vs. Moon Jodrell Bank Visit NGC 6888 (Crescent Nebula) HaRGB M13 A closer look Latest Tweets @beth_hodg3 awesome! Hipe you didnt burn ya hand on the handle x 260 days ago Yo mama so fat she sweats bbq sauce http://t.co/Cy2qmMThkt 261 days ago Eek maybe I should put it next closer to the house dont want to burn down the wooden observatory!â¦ http://t.co/8GJkaL46ei 262 days ago follow @ianaiken on twitter Post Archives December 2013 April 2013 November 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 January 2012 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 January 2011 December 2010 Photography Links Best Photographer Web Hosting Digital Photography Books Kielder Observatory Sunderland Astronomical Society Swash Astro Friends and Family Andy Arnell David Aiken Kate Aiken Search Site Search for: This work by Ian Aiken is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 2.5 Sweden License . Hosted by Hosting Photography Over a Decade of Fine Art Photography ADAM ANGEL Fine Art Prints Mt Rainier Himalayas Dolpo East Africa The Kalkora Gallery Gallery Hanging System The Studio Expeditions Gallery Lighting About Collector's Books Connect Cameras for Expeditions Fine Art Photography A good picture can captivate your imagination, release your mind, and launch your own creativity in new ways everyday. A photograph does not get used up. It gives you new perspective every time you look at it, and your depth of understanding will increase continually. Surrounding yourself by art is the surest way to make this part of your life. As a good friend of mine says, "this is furniture for your walls." The art on your walls sets the tone in your private spaces and not only reflects your tastes, but makes them. It only takes a second to enjoy these benefits every day. Find an image, present it under the best possible light, and start enjoying right away. Adam Angel To purchase Fine Art Prints please visit the Kalkora Gallery Adam Angel Mike Attwood - Photographer MENU Wildlife Red Kites Athletes Sales News Contact Home Site Map Mikes interest in photography began at a very early age when as war evacuee he had the good fortune to be billeted in the household of an excellent photographer. The interest gained and knowledge absorbed lay dormant for many years until at an age where some men are considering retirement it was reborn. In 2000 awarded a distinction by the Royal Photographic Society for his portfolio on disabled athletes. Having been a keen ornithologist since his evacuee days now combines his photography with his love of birds, especially raptors. The Welsh Red Kite is now top of his list spending as much time as he can at Gigrin Farm where the Red Kite can be found in large numbers. This year (2002) he was fortunate to get the opportunity to photograph kites at the nest, an opportunity gratefully taken, hopefully the results leading to more work of this nature. Gigrin Farm red kite feeding centre , The Welsh Kite Trust and Wheelchair Athletes Wildlife Red Kites Site map Top Copyright Mike Attwood 2003 Click here to go to carlosalvarado.com . www.enfocusgallery.com This domain is parked free, courtesy of Is this your domain? Add hosting, email and more. DomainRegister4Less.com - Domain Register As Low As $7.95 ! ! ! Enter a domain name: Compare our prices! (per year) 1 year 2 year 3 year 5 year .com $13.95 $13.45 $12.95 $11.95 .net $13.95 $13.45 $12.95 $11.95 .org $13.95 $13.45 $12.95 $11.95 .biz $19.95 $19.95 $19.95 $19.95 .info $19.95 $19.95 $19.95 $19.95 .us $19.95 $19.95 $19.95 $19.95 .ws $24.99 $24.99 $24.99 $24.99 Learn how Private Registration Works Plans from just $9.95/month! FREE Setup and Email! FREE 24/7 Live Support! New! Virtual Dedicated and Dedicated Servers! Choose the plan that's right for you! Starting at just $29.95/yr! Terms of Use Â  ,Â  . Legal Privacy Policy Copyright 1999-2014 DomainRegister4Less.com - Domain Register As Low As $7.95 ! ! !; All rights reserved. home about gallery friends blog contact 2002, 2008 Karine Armen Abdul Kadir Audahs Photography Portfolio Heart and Soul. This portfolio is compiled by the photographer Abdul Kadir Audah, who created all his images with his Heart and Soul to express a journey through life. 0 0 items Checkout Search Products: www.franscape.co.uk Photography from Fran Sutton Navigation Home About The Gallery Landscapes Transport Wildlife Nature Outside the Norm News Guestbook Contact www.franscape.co.uk Landscape photography by Fran Sutton. Recent Products Light on the Edge Autumn Gold Mist in the Valley Castle by Night All Ears Two Little Boats Porthnanven Purple Golden Time Jan 18 2014 New Website Launched General News Leave a comment As you are probably aware by now, the new FranScape website has been through some considerable design and functionality changes and has now gone live. I hope you like what you see. Jan 03 2014 Shortlisted for POTY 2013 General News , Success Leave a comment I am proud to announce that I was shortlisted by This England for their Picture of the Year 2013. Your Shopping Cart Galleries Landscapes Transport Outside the Norm Latest News New Website Launched Shortlisted for POTY 2013 Photography Links www.postscriptphoto.co.uk Recommended Links The Forth Inn Aberfoyle Galleries Landscapes Transport Outside the Norm Recent Posts New Website Launched Shortlisted for POTY 2013 Legals All images contained on this website are the property of Fran Sutton and franscape.co.uk. They may not be downloaded, reproduced, copied, projected, or used in any way without express written permission. All rights reserved. All text and design within this website is copyright Â© Fran Sutton. Home | Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. Find out more about this siteâs cookies. ABSTRACT keith.appleby01@btinternet.com Home Gallery News Services I offer Framing Landscape Workshops Links About me Guestbook Contact Search Welcome to Adrian Almond Photography. Adrian is a Landscape and Travel Photographer who also likes to diversify and photograph a wide range of other subject matter. Military aircraft, Bird and Nature Photography and abstract images are also to be found here. News PHOTIUM, THE AWARD WINNING WEB SERVICE FOR PHOTOGRAPHERS FEATURE MY SITE ON THEIR HOME PAGE 05th January 2014 CAMERA CLUBS AND PHOTOGRAPHIC SOCIETIES VISITING SPEAKER EVENINGS 16th December 2013 LAKE DISTRICT LANDSCAPE PHOTOGRAPHY WORKSHOP VOUCHERS AVAILABLE 19th November 2013 PHOTOGRAPHY EXHIBITION AT THE HERON THEATRE , BEETHAM 19th NOVEMBER - 20th DECEMBER 2013 17th November 2013 SILVERDALE AND ARNSIDE ART AND CRAFT XMAS FAIR, SUNDAY 10TH NOVEMBER 2013 12 - 4PM 06th November 2013 ARNSIDE AND SILVERDALE AONB - ANOTHER 2 METRE BANNER COMMISSIONED 04th November 2013 BAY SEARCH AND RESCUE CALENDAR 2014 20th October 2013 ARNSIDE AND SILVERDALE AONB 2M HIGH BANNER 13th September 2013 PHOTOGRAPH TO BE INCLUDED IN NEW BOOK 20th August 2013 SILVERDALE AND ARNSIDE ARTS AND CRAFTS TRAIL UPDATE 30th June 2013 OUTDOOR PHOTOGRAPHY MAGAZINE - LOW LIGHT COMPETITION 22nd May 2013 SILVERDALE AND ARNSIDE ART AND CRAFT TRAIL JUNE 28TH - 30TH 2013 21st May 2013 View more News here RSS : News Privacy Policy Terms Conditions Â© Adrian Almond Date today: Powered by Photium Sean Aidan photographer HomePage | About | Clients | Contact | Postcard | Politics | Sport 1 | Sport 2 | Sport 3 | Sport 4 | Fun Fair Portraits | Press/PR 1 | Press/PR 2 | Street | Arts 1 | Arts 2 | Flora | G20 | Tear Sheets | Copyright | TC's Editorial, Press, P.R., Portraits and Commissioned Photography Welcome to the website of UK photographer Sean Aidan. Use the links at the top of the page to explore my portfolio of images. Powered by art71 Injasuthi (PDF; also 11MB version ) Travels with Abbotts August and after To the Ganges, December 2010 1 Jan 2011 November 4 December 2010 The month of October 1 December 2010 Travels in March 21 June 2010 Ellora Ajanta 20 March 2010 December 2009 31 December 2009 Astonished Eyes .net Photographs by Michael Abbott. Each picture on the left leads to a set of somewhat related pictures. (The latest few are PDFs, with the option of a larger version for retina displays fast connections.) Malissa Allen Photography About Me Wedding Packages Package Add-Ons Photo Gallery Contact Me Guestbook Calendar Photo Gallery Recently Added Most Commented Kolb Wedding Kolb Wedding Rachael Nick Rachael Nick Justine and Will Justine and Will Pashow Wedding Pashow Wedding Anthony Marna Anthony Marna Hobbs Wedding Hobbs Wedding Mike Jen Wedding Mike Jen Wedding Watkins Glen Wedding Watkins Glen Wedding Austin Wedding Austin Wedding Pennypacker Wedding Pennypacker Wedding ©2006 Create a Free Photo Album at Webs.com Gillian Allard UNDER CONSTRUCTION RELAUNCH SEPTEMBER2013 About Contact Home Archive New Work 'Weathered Image' photographs bonded with wood View on Mobile Log out Tripod.com Are You the Owner of this Tripod Site? How Do I Make My Site Visible? (index.html) Tripod's Help Site Quick Links Tripod Home Tripod Features Tripod Plan Pricing Tripod Help Fine Art Nature Landscape Photography Fine Art Landscape Photography by Dave Allen Western North Carolina landscape photographer Dave Allen captures fine art photography that showcases the beauty of the Southern Appalachian Mountains, including the Blue Ridge Mountains of western NC and the Great Smoky Mountains National Park in eastern Tennessee. The captivating mountains scenery of the Blue Ridge Mountains and often surreal beauty of the Great Smoky Mountains National Park are the featured subjects in many of his archival quality photography prints and fine art canvas prints. Dave Allen is an internationally published landscape photographer who is based in Hendersonville, NC. His work has been featured around the world in fine art galleries, magazines such as Outdoor Photographer and National Geographic, books, calendars , and more. Much of Dave Allen's landscape photography depicts stunningly beautiful nature scenes of the Blue Ridge Mountains of Western NC, the Great Smoky Mountains National Park in Eastern Tennessee, and the Coastal Carolinas including the Outer Banks and Charleston SC. His acclaimed photography portfolio of fine art prints features a varied range of subjects including landscapes of the Blue Ridge Mountains and Great Smoky Mountains National Park, silky mountain waterfalls, vivid floral and nature photography, wildlife, and other nature and outdoor related themes. All of Dave's images are shot exclusively with Nikon camera bodies, Nikkor lenses, and filters by Nikon and Hoya. Tripods and camera support products used are made by Really Right Stuff, Gitzo, and Kirk Industries. For a more accurate listing of the gear Dave uses, click here . Digital Photography Workshops - The Art Of Photography Epic Locations, Expert Guidance, Awesome Images! Join Dave Allen for an outdoor photography adventure as you visit and shoot incredible locations throughout the Blue Ridge Mountains and along the Blue Ridge Parkway in Western North Carolina. Dave will put you in epic locations at the best time of day and offer the expert advice you need to help you get your best landscape shots ever! Book your Photo Workshop Adventure! Purchasing Photography Prints and Fine Art Canvas Prints You can purchase any of the images printed on your choice of archival quality photo paper or fine art canvas of various sizes, in both signed and unsigned versions. Our prints are printed only with the highest quality Ultrachrome K3 pigment inks on premium photo papers and fine art canvas media. These inks and papers are rated to last over 200 years, ensuring that your prints will look great for generations. You can purchase signed prints online directly through our website by clicking on the appropriate "add to cart" button. Prints are also available at various fine art galleries and framing shops, including retail stores in Hendersonville, Asheville, Brevard, Black Mountain, and other Western North Carolina areas. Feel free to contact us for the most current list of galleries that have Dave Allen's landscape photography prints in stock. Recent Images Photo Galleries Landscapes Wildlife Nature Commercial Stock Information Home Page About The Artist Photography Workshops Art Show Schedule Recent News Local Art Galleries Dave's Photo Gear Gear for Sale Photography Tips Ordering Information Prints On Sale! New 2014 Calendars! Blue Ridge Landscapes Order Yours Today! Contact Contact Us by E-Mail Phone: 777-0782 +1 on Google! All Images are 2013 Dave Allen Photography, All Right Reserved Website 2013 Dave Allen 
