 Sorry, an error occurred while loading the content. Home Mail News Sports Finance Weather Games Groups Answers Screen Flickr Mobile More Celebrity Shine Movies Music TV Health Shopping Travel Autos Homes Yahoo! Groups Search Groups Search Web Sign In Mail Help Account Info Help Suggestions Yahoo Welcome to Yahoo Groups. An extension to your real life group of friends, interests and communities. see video Sign In OR Start a New Group You must be a registered Yahoo user to start a group. Sign Up Featured Groups Business & Finance Computers & Internet Cultures & Community Entertainment & Arts Family & Home Games Government & Politics Health & Wellness Hobbies & Crafts Music Recreation & Sports Regional Religion & Beliefs Romance & Relationships Schools & Education Science Terms Privacy Guidelines Feedback Help Blog TurboCAD-File-Library Public Group, 5492 members Conversations Photos Files Attachments Events Polls Links Database More About Help Attachments Events Polls Links Database Edit Membership Back About Group 1 New Member 0 New Messages 0 New Photos This group is for TurboCAD aficionados who are interested in discussing techniques and sharing resources, developing a CAD parts library, for anyone seeking professional TurboCAD expertise. One of our goals is to establish an open source CAD parts library consisting of blueprints, color palettes, details, documentation, hatch patterns, line styles, macros, materials, meshes, models, plugins, profiles, symbols, templates, textures, tutorials, etc. + Join or subscribe! We respect your privacy. ... www.turbocadables.com/forum.php + Change your group email preferences? ... www.turbocadables.com/listserver.php TurboCAD is a registered trademark of IMSI/Design in the USA and/or other countries. Group Website http://al-ki.com/download.php Category Computers Internet/Software/Graphics This is a public group. Attachments are permitted. Members cannot hide email address. Listed in Yahoo Groups directory. Membership does not require approval. Messages from new members require approval. All members can post messages. Post Message: turbocad-file-library@yahoogroups.com Subscribe: turbocad-file-library-subscribe@yahoogroups.com Unsubscribe: turbocad-file-library-unsubscribe@yahoogroups.com List Owner: turbocad-file-library-owner@yahoogroups.com Message History 
 Close Ad 
 al-ki.com Home Products Downloads How-to Forum TurboCADables - Free Downloads was published on June 29th, 2013 Share this on Delicious Facebook Pinterest Twitter TurboCAD ables - Free Downloads This free download page was one of the very first posted on the web back in 1996 for TurboCAD resources. Most of the free downloads you'll find here are for TurboCAD. Never used TurboCAD before? No problem. Get a free trial download of TurboCAD to play around with before deciding whether or not it's worthwhile. Or scroll down to learn more about free DoubleCADXT and free TurboCADLE . Also available are hatch patterns and color palettes for legacy versions of TurboCAD. Visit the appscatalog to find the latest fully supported affordable design products direct from the publisher. Popular choices include CADsymbols and parts , and training guides . PageContents - FreeSoftware - HatchPatterns ColorPalettes CADsymbols includes over 30 million standard parts, symbols, and models for drafting and design, making it the most extensive collection available on one CD. Find out how to increase your design and drafting productivity. More about CADsymbols 2D/3D Do you already own a CAD or graphic design application? Save nearly $700 when you purchase TurboCAD Pro Platinum - a professional-level CAD program for 2D/3D design, detailing, modeling and rendering. Find your qualifying product Drag and drop 12,000 2D/3D symbols and parts. DXF, DWG and Adobe Illustrator file formats are supported, all available on one CD for the Mac. Find out how to increase your design and drafting productivity. More about CADsymbols Mac Import existing designs from popular CAD and graphic design file formats, including new AutoCAD. Just as easily, export your precision designs and technical drawings to popular desktop publishing formats. More about TurboCAD Mac Pro These training guides teach common 2D and 3D CAD skills through easy to use, step-by-step sessions. Learn TurboCAD in a self-paced, structured session format. Also appropriate for students in classroom settings. More about 2D/3D Training Guide TurboCAD Deluxe, the #1 CAD in retail, gives you more professional features per dollar than any other CAD software. Create home plans, technical drawings, mechanical designs, illustrations, school projects and more. More about TurboCAD Deluxe free trial software courtesy of IMSI/Design – TurboCAD, DesignCAD, DoubleCAD, FloorPlan, Renditioner Pro, IDX Renditioner for Google SketchUp, IDX Beam Analysis Tool, and the pdf2cad app. Why buy software without first kicking the tires? No obligation to purchase – download a software app and try itout… Free Trial Downloads - discover an app! TurboCAD Pro Platinum The IMSI/Design Store DoubleCAD XT is an AutoCAD LT work-alike. But free! It's also 5-Star Rated from the editors at CNET, and one of the most downloaded free CAD products available. Powerful 2D CAD capabilities, and great .DWG and .SKP compatibility makes DoubleCAD XT an invaluable free companion for AutoCAD and Google SketchUp usersalike… Free DoubleCAD XT - learn more TurboCAD LE (Learning Edition) is largely based on TurboCADv4 and has been around for a very long time. TurboCADLE runs best on early versions of Windows. You will find it to run unreliably, if at all, on WindowsXP onwards. Linux users using Wine – TurboCADLE is a Platinum Rated app, based on LE's WineHQ AppDB entry . TurboCADLE is NOT supported to any extent by IMSI/Design. I am providing it as a free download*, asis… Free TurboCAD LE - download zip file (about 16.1Mb) CAD software – rather than downloading one of the free apps above, consider the inexpensive design products that are available. Many can be testdriven as freetrials… Cheap design apps - read more CAD software, learn more about available helpful educational materials to get you started. As an alternative to books, training guides are quite effective when learning to use TurboCAD and DesignCAD… TurboCAD education and training - read more Find Easy-to-Use Software hatch patterns? This is a collection of 67hatch patterns for legacy versions of TurboCAD – wood, siding, shingles, glass, water, stipples, textures, circles, and various geological map patterns are some of the hatches. Instructions on how to install the hatch patterns are included in the zipped download. These hatch patterns can be used in legacy versions of TurboCAD from v3 to v9 includingLE… Free 67 Hatch Patterns - download zip file (about 10Kb) DoubleCAD XT Free! The IMSI/Design Store CAD software, has a hatching tool that fills polygons with a brush style pattern; either a hatch or bitmap pattern. Such patterns are commonly used to denote a specific property or material – glass, wood, etc. This guide describes how to create, modify, or add custom hatch patterns for use in legacy versions of TurboCAD v3 to v9 includingLE… How-to Tutorial - creating hatch patterns Hatch Pattern Creator Plugin provides an easy and fast way of creating repeating patterns to be used as Brush Patterns in your designs. There are two fundamental ways of creating hatch patterns using this plugin: By Symbol, and BySample… Hatch Pattern Creator Plug-in - learn more TurboCAD brush style table that fixes some hatching anomalies. For legacy versions of TurboCAD v3 to v9 including LE. Instructions on how to install the tweaked brush style table are included in the zipped download… Free BrushStyle Table - download zip file (about 10Kb) four color palettes for TurboCAD. The classic Hewlett-Packard DesignJet 750C Plus 256-color Palette Demo , the Netscape-named 140-color (Windows) palette, a cross-platform (browser-safe) version of the TurboCAD 67-color palette, and a RGB version of the early ACAD 256-color palette. Instructions on how to install the color palettes are included in the zipped download. These color palettes can be used in all legacy versions of TurboCAD from v2 to v9 includingLE… Free 4 Color Palettes - download zip file (about 10Kb) Find Easy-to-Use Software The IMSI/Design Store MessageBoard MessageListserver WebLinks AboutSite What does al-ki or alki mean? PrivacyPolicy TermsUse SiteAwards RegisterDomains HostWebsites Copyright 2014 al-ki.com - Established 1996 Send Email Links updated on: 22 June 2013 a 7:22am 
