 YourITronics DIY, Electronics, IT, Gadgets Home Shop Forum Personal Projects Reviews PCB Giveaway Contact Disclaimer October 17th, 2012 Xprotolab Portable on Kickstarter Remember the Xprotolab XMEGA portable oscilloscope that I reviewed last year ? Well Gabriel Anzziani, the creator has put the project up on kickstarter : The Xprotolab has been in development for several years, the hardware and firmware are stable. Now its time to put the device in an enclosure and add a rechargeable battery. A case and a battery should complete the device and make it more attractive to carry in a toolbox. I know from experience, when I reviewed it. that I had to find a plastic enclosure to keep it in and powering it always required 2 extra wires from my circuit. So head-over to the kickstarter page to read more about the improvements. Electronics No Comments July 22nd, 2012 USB A to micro USB bridge This is a little project I made recently, I call it USB A to micro USB bridge and it does what the name says: its just a bridge between the USB A female connector and the female micro USB. In the middle there is a DIL pin header that allows you to connect or disconnected individually the USB signals. I needed this because recently I started working on a USB project and I wanted to have an easy way to hook up a multimeter for measuring things like voltages or current passing through. I have PCBs from both Seeed and ITead for this little project because I wanted to compare their service and so I ordered from both of them. You can download Eagle sch and brd files in ZIP format from here . DIY , Electronics 2 Comments July 18th, 2012 Seeed Studio vs ITead Studio vs OSH Park As promised in my latest post I purchased the 5x5cm pcb prototype option from both Seeed and ITead in an attempt to compare the two services regarding PCB quality, e-test, shipping/processing times. As Ian from DP suggested in a comment the only difference I should expect to see is shipping/processing time. Im more interested in finding scratch marks on the pads that would suggest they are using a flying probe machine for the e-test(this is related to my older post regarding ITead studio false 100% e-test ). I submitted both of my orders approximately at 12:00 AM June 13th 2012(GMT+1). The design I sent is the one pictured above and it is a USB micro to USB-A bridge. I plan to use it for measuring current draw from USB port. More specifically it will allow me to place a multimeter in series with VCC or GND. The total from Seeed was $14 while the one from Itead was $13.90. The total from OSH Park $70 but it was for a totally different board(larger) so its not fit for comparing. Starting from now it will probably take 4 weeks for the PCBs to arrive. Ill update this post when there is more info to share. Update: Although its not fair to compare it to Seeed and ITead I also placed an order with OSH Park (also known as Laen, DorkbotPDX). Actually the order placed with OSH Park is not for the sake of comparison but more because it was related to another design for which I really needed a PCB to start developing with. So all 3 orders were placed same day, approximately around same hour also. Here are the results: status Seeed ITead OSH Park Order placed June 13 th 2012 June 13 th 2012 June 13 th 2012 Design sent to fab June 14 th 2012 June 13 th 2012 June 15 th 2012 Order shipped June 20 th 2012 June 19 th 2012 July 2 nd 2012 Order received July 9 th 2012 June 28 th 2012 July 10 th 2012 Total 26 days 15 days 27 days item Seeed ITead Dorkbot Ordering process 3 3 3 Duration 1 4 1 PCB quality 2 2 5 e-test probably probably probably Ratings were given from 1 to 5, with 5 meaning excellent service. Ordering process: I was planning on giving Dorkbot a 5 star rating for their ordering process. However that changed when I received the PCBs from them with no silkscreen on them. They have a good idea but its not quite in its final form: you create an account on their website after which you can upload your gerber files and place an order. They do give a recommended naming convention for the gerber files and its entirely my fault for not following it which resulted in my silkscreen layers not being recognized by the service and thus they were not added to the panel. However I think the service should at least let the user know that it failed to recognize some of the files. I already talked about this with Laen(service admin) which explained that such a feature gives out plenty of errors for people who upload files generated from tools like Altium Designer which generate lots of other files except the standard ones. As a conclusion you should be careful to name your files using the recommended scheme. This way of ordering is fast but has to be intelligent enough to detect problems like mine, thats why Im only giving it a 3 star rating. As for Seeed and Itead they both use the same method of ordering paying an item from the online store after which you send an email with the order id containing your gerber files. This method is more time consuming. Duration:  Im going to start commenting on ITead because this order went as smooth and as fast as possible, it left the others well behind in terms of speed. I think there is the possibility that they were watching the blog considering I posted about their pcb service in the past and that they made sure this order gets processed as soon as possible. I must say that previous orders from them took approximately 4 weeks to arrive same as with Seeed, nevertheless this time the PCBs arrived in a record 15 days. Seed is second in this category with 26 days, followed by OSH Park with 27 days. PCB quality:  As it can be observed in the pictures bellow Seeed and ITead seem to be of identical quality and Im giving them a 2 star rating. Truth be told you dont need anything more for prototyping but if you plan on building something more serious and more if you plan on selling it I would recommend using something of better quality.  I also noticed the two had a slightly different shade of green for the soldermask but nothing to say about that as even different batches of PCBs from the same fab can have different shades of silkscreen colour. A small difference was noticed in the silkscreen quality. As it can be observed in the following photo the PCB from seeed has a better quality silkscreen. One thing that I dont like about Seeed and ITead is that they add text to your board. They do it so they can easily identify your pcbs among others. Some people(me included) care about the looks of the PCB design and will be annoyed by this. As it can be observed in the following picture ITead adds the text in the silkscreen layer while Seeed adds it to the copper layer. Comparing Seeed and ITead to OSH Park its not fair because OSH Park pcbs have a more expensive  ENIG finish  (as well as overall more expensive service) which stand for Electroless nickel immersion gold. ENIG being a chemical process results in excellent surface planarity as opossed to HASL (hot air solder levelling) which leaves behind visible irregularities. However just as a review of the service and quality it can be seen in the pictures bellow that the quality of OSH Park pcbs (purple soldermask) is top notch. The pads show a perfect finish and the soldermask apertures have excellent tolerance. In fact the text shown in the pictures bellow is placed in copper as well as in tStop layer. As it can be seen the soldermask aperture fits perfectly over the copper text. In conclusion OSH Park pcbs can definitely be used for production so I give it a 5 star rating for quality. E-test:  This is a difficult subject. Seeed claims 50% e-test and 5 out of the 10 boards I received from them had been marked with some black stripes on the side. Ive looked at all 10 under the microscope but I havent noticed anything different between them. If the e-test was indeed performed it must of been done before the HASL finish process. ITead claim 100% e-test. In the envelope I found 11 pcbs instead of the expected 10. I dont know the exact reason, maybe they had extra space available and decided not to waste it. Ive looked them all under the microscope and found them to be similar to the ones from Seeed. No easily visible scratch marks to indicate a post-production e-test. The following pictures shows the two under the microscope; some small marks can be observed on the connector pads, however Im not sure they are really marks left by some kind of probe touching the PCB or if they are just small irregularities in the surface. later update:  In the video below we can see how the flying probe test is performed on Arduino pcbs. Credits go to bunnie for recording the video. We can clearly see that the step is the final step in the PCB fabrication process so it would definitely leave scratch marks on the PCB. As for OSH Park, I couldnt find anything related to e-test on their website so not sure what to say. later update: Laen who runs OSH Park explained that their fab doesnt perform e-test. Instead, the fab uses AOI to QA every step of the process. In practice, this has resulted in a bad board rate of less than 1 in 10,000. later update:   Bradley Gawthrop who I follow on Twitter posted this picture of some boards he got recently. In the photo bellow we can clearly see the scratch marks left after the e-test has been performed. Only half of the pcbs had the marks but this is as advertised by his manufacturer. In conclusion both Seeed and ITead are great for prototypes. I think under normal conditions you will have your pcbs in about 4 weeks since the day you ordered them. You cant use them for any fine pitch stuff like BGAs and dont count on these being e-tested. For anything require fine pitch or higher overall quality you should go with OSH Park, you wont be disappointed. In the end here are some pictures of the PCBs: DIY , Electronics 14 Comments May 30th, 2012 itead responded to the false electrical test Today I got this email from Alex.Xie which is a Marketing Manager at Itead Studio: Hi, Sorry to trouble you. We get some mails for asking about this blog http://www.youritronics.com/iteadstudio-false-electrical-test/ So , I thinks that I need to give out some reply about it. First, sorry about the last mail, Sunny didnt make it clear. Before, the factory just do the 50% e-test for 10 boards, and these 5 boards will be marked with stripe on the edage, we test the rest 50% without stripe ourselves. Now the factory will offer 100% e-test for all 10 boards, so there should be stripe on all boards. Sunny just want to say that e-tested or not, is nothing to do with the stripe on the edage. The stripe on edage is not a sign/mark of e-test. Sorry for our poor English and the wrong expression. You can find more detailed about our e-test process here: http://dangerousprototypes.com/forum/viewtopic.php?f=2start=15 . While this clarifies the initial reply and explains what they meant it does not explain why we dont see any tooling/scratch marks on the pads for PCBs which are supposed to be e-tested. I think I will place one order with itead and one with seeedstudio, this will allow me to compare: quality,e-test,shipping time,order processing time. DIY , Electronics 1 Comment March 26th, 2012 iteadstudio false electrical test? I recently had a batch of 10 pcbs for an ongoing project fabricated with iteadstudio pcb prototyping service. They guarantee 100% electrical test on their product page. One month later I receive the pcbs and decided to watch them under a microscope for inspection. I wasnt particularly checking for the e-test, I was more interested in seeing if the small pads and vias  look good. I was however surprised when I did not find the small marks on each pad which are a good indicator if the e-test has been performed or not. From my knowledge in low volume production e-test is being made with a flying-probe type machine and as the name suggests the flying probes would leave small marks in each pad where they touched to make electrical contact. In my case as it can be seen in the picture above the pads show no marks so I suspect itead is lying about their 100% e-test. I checked all 10 pcbs that I received and none had the marks that an e-test would leave behind. They were however all marked with a stripe on the edge as it is usually the case with pcbs that have been e-tested just as a reference to differentiate tested from non-tested pcbs. My guess is that they are trying to lower their cost of production by visually inspecting small pcbs instead of passing them through a real e-test which would cost money and would take time to setup. I reached out to iteadstudio and asked if the black line marked on the edge of the PCBs means theyve been tested electrically although the meaning of the line has no significance since the product is advertised as 100% e-test. I found this reference on DagerousPrototypes Forum  , other users also report the pcbs dont have scratch marks on the pads. Another user reports he found electrical problems on pcbs from itead(and they should be 100% e-tested). On their website there is this article where they explain how they handle the pcb business; at 0:10 there is a picture with a machine they say its for e-testing the PCBs. That doesnt look like a flying probe machine, maybe its a nail bed. Anyway the pcb is already finished when they test it and should have scratch marks afterwards, this rules out the possibility where they test the pcbs before applying the finish. The nail bed is also not a good option as it would take too much time to setup something like that for each pcb they sell. And itead replied Dear Florin C. All of the pcbs have a stripe on the edge,it does not mean they have all been electrically tested ,it is the same as outline . Sincerely Yours Sunny I probably did not explain clear enough that the line Im talking is hand draw on the pcb side with a black marker so the guy is saying something about the board outline. But that is not so important when you read the part where it does not mean they have all been electrically tested. I wonder how is this possible for a product that is supposed to be 100% e-tested. My conclusion is that youre better with seeeds pcb prototyping service with 50% e-test. Users are reporting that half of the pcbs actually have marks and theyve been tested. Electronics , Personal Projects 35 Comments Previous Entries Follow me on: Recent Posts Xprotolab Portable on Kickstarter USB A to micro USB bridge Seeed Studio vs ITead Studio vs OSH Park itead responded to the false electrical test iteadstudio false electrical test? Recent Comments google.com on Electronic Counter for Digital and Analog Signals health and dieting on Arduino Temperature Sensor www.virginindianhairshop.com on Electronic Counter for Digital and Analog Signals auto insurance companies california on USB AA NiMH and NiCd Battery Charger IT Services Company on Matrix keyboard explained Categories Apple Arduino Audio Car Projects Computer Debian tutorials DIY Easter Projects Electronics Gadgets GPS Green Hi-Tech IT LASER LCD LED Medical Microcontroller Military Personal Projects Reviews Robotics Spy Uncategorized Video WiFi Archives 2012 October 2012 July 2012 May 2012 March 2012 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 February 2011 January 2011 2010 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 2009 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 2008 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 2007 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Blogroll Circuit-Projects Electronics-Lab Blog Embedds GeekInside Hacked Gadgets justDIY MachineGrid ScienProg uC Hobby Others Asus Laptop Charger Forsale Others High quality TradeTang electronics thermometer ATmega8 nokia Power amplifier Serial Display Charger Motor XBee ATmega168 temperature ATmega64 Green ethernet Subwoofer battery ATmega48 RGB PCB Audio ATmega16 clock review Microcontroller ATtiny2313 Analog IR LCD breadboard Game Linux LASER DIY POV WiFi card Asus Debian PIC16F84 DIgital spectrum Robot Matrix Samsung camera HD44780 PIC PWM PIC16F877 VGA USB memory Electronics Sensor Arduino gadget LED supply iPod Atmel analyzer Computer iPhone LM35 AVR RS232 ATmega88 remote ATmega169 ATMega32 System Blog GPS 2007-2011 YourITronics Any logo, trademark and project represented here are property of their respective owners Wordpress Privacy Policy RSS 
