 Skip to main content LOADING... NASA Education Loading ... Online Student Application View site NASA MissionSTEM MissionSTEM assists NASA grant recipients with their civil rights compliance efforts. › View site EXPRESS E-mail Signup Sign up and receive announcements about NASA's education programs, activities and events. Subscribe Comments and Questions Find out more President Launches Campaign Read More → White House Blog ›Administrator Bolden's Posts ›Reaching New Heights → ›Charles Boldens Story → Loading ... About NASA's Education Program NASA’s journeys into air and space have deepened humankind’s understanding of the universe, advanced technology breakthroughs, enhanced air travel safety and security, and expanded the frontiers of scientific research. These accomplishments share a common genesis: education. As the United States begins the second century of flight, the Nation must maintain its commitment to excellence in science, technology, engineering and mathematics education to ensure that the next generation of Americans can accept the full measure of their roles and responsibilities in shaping the future. NASA will continue the Agency’s tradition of investing in the Nation’s education programs and supporting the country’s educators who play a key role in preparing, inspiring, exciting, encouraging, and nurturing the young minds of today who will be the workforce of tomorrow.   In 2012 and beyond, NASA will continue to pursue three major education goals: Special Announcements Guidance for Education and Public Outreach Activities Under Sequestration NASA has taken the first steps in addressing the mandatory spending cuts called for in the Budget Control Act of 2011. The law mandates a series of indiscriminate and significant across-the-board spending reductions totaling $1.2 trillion over 10 years. As a result, NASA has been forced to implement a number of new cost-saving measures, policies, and reviews in order to minimize impacts to the mission-critical activities of the Agency. Guidance regarding conferences, travel, and training that reflect the new fiscal reality in which the agency must operate has been provided. For specific guidance as it relates to public outreach and engagement activities please reference the following webpage. › View Guidance for Education NASA Recommends Discontinuation of Student Rocket Activity Recently, an air pressurized paper rocket launcher being used by an educator failed. This launcher is described in NASA's Rockets Educator Guide, publications EG-2011-11-223-KSC, pp. 86-90 and EG-2008-05-060-KSC, pp. 86-90. NASA completed an engineering investigation into the failure and determined that the launcher, or design equivalents, should not be used. NASA has removed the launcher design from its website and its education curriculum. Individuals and organizations should immediately discontinue use of the launcher published in the referenced NASA publications. The point of contact for additional information is James Stofan, Deputy Associate Administrator for Education Integration at nasaedpartners@nasa.gov . We request that your organization assist NASA in disseminating this information as widely as possible throughout the education community. Education Leadership › View Leland Melvin's Biography › Meeting and Speaker Requests › In Their Own Words: Leland Melvin Video › Middle school student Molly Moore interviews Leland Melvin. › Leland Melvin Honored › Twitter at@Astro_Flow→ Summer of Innovation › Go to the Summer of Innovation Website Education News Loading ... Related Links Careers at NASA Business Opportunities Research Opportunities Education Calendar Announcements Join the Exploration Design Challenge ›Join Now! ›Learn more Opportunities for Informal Education Institutions Proposers may request a grant or cooperative agreement to support NASA-themed STEM informal education. International Space Education Board ISEB members offer educational activities and programs for international participation. NASA Expands Its Education Portfolio With Digital Badging NASA's efforts to promote interest in science, technology, engineering and mathematics education took a giant leap forward this week at a digital learning badges event. NASA Partnership Announcement NASA seeks unfunded collaborations with organizations to enhance its ability to achieve its strategic goals, outcomes, and objectives as they relate to education. Women@NASA ›Women@NASA Website→ ›A Tribute to Women at NASA ›Aspire 2 Inspire Website→ Education Program Areas Elementary Secondary Education Education Technology Products Informal Education Higher Education Minority University Research Education Center Education Offices › Ames Research Center  › Dryden Flight Research Center   ›  Glenn Research Center   › Goddard Space Flight Center  › Jet Propulsion Laboratory  › Johnson Space Center › Kennedy Space Center › Langley Research Center  › Marshall Space Flight Center   › Stennis Space Center    Mission Directorates › Aeronautics Research › Human Exploration and Operations › Science › Space Technology LOADING... 
