 The UK national learned society This page last updated 20 th. February 2014 Brief Menu Detailed Menu News and Notices About the Society About Cybernetics Programme Proceedings Membership Services for Members Links Contact List Book List Members' Notice Click here Web Cybernetics Society Search with CYBCOM The Cybernetics discussion group. by Peter Asaro. New Kind of Science Index to W. Ross Ashby University of Illinois Heinz von Foerster interview . Gordon Pask Norbert Wiener from the famous St. Andrew's site. " " 1958 in .pdf. Bibliography of Norbert Wiener From Wikipedia Norbert Wiener , , , Ross Ashby , Warren McCulloch , Margaret Mead . ". Wiki on Cybernetics . Core Cybernetics MIT Open courses on , and Lou Kauffman Excellent Freeware Prize Quiz Beginning Cybernetics Foundations Cybernetics . Email Web Editor Trend . proposals Principia Cybernetica Encylopaedia Autopoietica The Scrivener curriculum for . Search for books on Cybernetics: Amazon Barnes and Noble Waterstones . . Deductive and Mathematical Cognition: Implications for Philosophy The Deductive and Mathematical Cognition Philosophy Conference will be held at the University of Bristol on 7th and 8th April 2014. The conference aims to investigate the implications of recent empirical developments in the study of deductive and mathematical cognition for established questions in the philosophy of mathematics and logic. The conference will spend one day focussing on each field, the first day (April 7th) on Mathematical Cognition and Philosophy of Mathematics and the second (April 8th) on Deductive Cognition and Philosophy of Logic. Further details . International Workshop on Movement and Computing: Call for papers To be held in Ircam-Centre Pompidou, Paris, France on June 16-17 2014. Call closes 15th February 2014. MOCO will bring together people working in interdisciplinary intersections of Human Computer Interaction, Computer Graphics, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Robotics, Affective Computing, Cognitive Science, Neuroscience. Further details. IEEE 2014 Conference on Norbert Wiener in 21st Century The call for papers ends January 31, 2014. Conference runs 24-26 June 2014, Boston, MA, USA. Confirmed keynote speakers include Dr Mary Catherine Bateson, David A Mindell, Andrew Pickering, Rudolf Seising and Bruce Schneier. Further details with much background material . "Second Order Cybernetics Then and Now" The 2013 Heinz von Foerster Lecture will be given by Stuart Umpleby professor of management at George Washington University at the University of Vienna on Monday 18th November 2013, 19.00 Lecture Room 13. Prof Umplelby writes: When Heinz von Foerster coined the term "second order cybernetics", his goal was to include the observer in the domain of science. This was a fundamental change in the conception of science, and Heinz encountered stiff opposition. One consequence of including the observer would be to extend cybernetics (and science) into the domain of ethics. Scientists had previously sought to be objective. Including the observer made science a subjective enterprise. This suggestion was strongly resisted by Heinz's colleagues in the UIUC College of Engineering and elsewhere in the U.S. academic community....Several conceptions of second order science have now been formulated. If we use the correspondence principle (i.e., every new theory should reduce to the old theory to which it corresponds for those cases in which the old theory is known to hold), we can say that two dimensions have been added to the conception of science: a) amount of attention paid to the observer, and b) the amount of effect of a theory on the phenomenon described. Further Information . Martin is back in Robotics at Middlesex University Prof. Martin Smith, President of the Cybernetics Society, has rejoined academia after seven years working in government. He is now Professor of Robotics at Middlesex University London. He also recently joined the Editorial Boards of three journals, which now include: The International Journal of Advanced Robotic Systems, The International Journal of Applied Systemic Studies, The International Journal of General Systems, The International Journal of Social Robotics, and Kybernetes the International Journal of Cybernetics, Systems and Management Sciences. He became a Director of WOSC - the World Organisation of Systems and Cybernetics, earlier this year. OLKC 2014 Theme: "Circuits of Knowledge" Oslo 22-24 April 2014 The organisers write:"With the proposed theme "Circuits of knowledge" we hope the conference contributions may be inspired to further develop the organizational learning, knowledge and innovation literature through conceptual and empirical contributions. The metaphor is meant to open up explorations of how knowledge and organizational learning may be said to move or revolve around, in, and through circuits. Familiar concepts may be learning cycles and -loops, and the recursiveness of practice." Further details . Dr Bernard Scott awarded 2013 McCulloch Medal Our Council Member Dr B.C.E. Scott has been given the McCulloch Medal by the American Society of Cybernetics at their recent conference in Bolton University "for outstanding and profound lifelong contributions to nurturing cybernetics through the development of both cybernetically based praxis in education, and major theories concerning learning and the learnable". Full Citation . Joint recipients were The Heinz von Foerster Society, "for an extensive, prolonged, deep and successful commitment to the furtherance of the work of Heinz von Foerster and other cyberneticians concerned with second-order cybernetics and related approaches and understandings". Full Citation . Report of the American Society for Cybernetics Conference, 2013, University of Bolton, UK, July 30th - August 1st The premise of the conference was not to listen to known answers, but to become involved in developing new questions. Dr Bernard Scott reports . ASC President Dr Ranulph Glanville talks about his Theory of Objects (You Tube video). First Global Conference on Research Integration and Implementation: The conference will be held in Canberra, Australia 8-11 September 2013. understanding problems as systems combining knowledge from various disciplines and practice areas dealing with unknowns to reduce risk, unpleasant surprises and adverse unintended consequences helping research teams collaborate more effectively implementing evidence in improved policy and practice. Further details . Online participation . Forthcoming Society Symposia Discussion lunches/symposia will be held at Salieri's on the Strand from 2pm on 14th September 2013, 4th Jan and 12th April 2014. Please confirm attendance with an email to our Secretary. Non-members who wish to attend should contact our Secretary. Council Meeting and AGM 23rd July The Council Meeting and AGM was held on Tuesday 23rd July from 6:00 pm to approximately 9:00 pm in King's College, Building Q Room SW1.14, East Wing, Somerset House, Strand, London WC2R 2LS. Access is either via the Somerset House courtyard or the King's College main entrance both in the Strand. The room is booked from 5:30.See location of building Q . Minutes of the meetings . Doug Engelbart From CYBCOM Randall Whitaker writes:"I'm sad to learn that Doug Engelbart has died, though I knew he'd been in frail health for some time. 1968 presentation video The 20th Annual International Deming Research Seminar will bring together people from around the world, and from a variety of specialties, to enhance, extend, and illustrate Dr. Deming's theories. Further details wedresearch@fordham.edu . Bertalanffy Center for the Study of Systems Science PhD Scholarship applications 2013 Further details . Alex Andrew Professor Raul Espejo, Director-General World Organisation of Systems and Cybernetics writes: "I'm sad to inform you that Dr. Alex Andrew, that as you know was Director-General of WOSC until September 2011, passed away on the 31st of May, 2013. He was a distinguished scientist, who made significant contributions to Cybernetics." Alex wrote an autobiographical piece for the International Journal of General Systems in February 2011. He will be greatly missed. Alex Andrew's Cybernetics Society profile . Our president Prof. Martin Smith attended Alex's funeral and reception at his home representing the Cybernetics Society and WOSC, as Raul Espejo (Director General of WOSC) and Brian Rudall (former Editor in Chief of Kybernetes) were both out of the country at the time. Eulogy delivered SCiO courses: Viable System Model (VSM) Beginners (6th July) and Dynamics (3rd August) Jane Searles writes: SCiO's introductory courses on the Viable System Model (VSM) by Patrick Hoverstadt of Fractal Consulting are running again this summer. These are open to all, at a cost of 20 for members and 50 for non-members, with a discounted rate of 20 for OU students on TU811 and TU812. more information. more information. To book your place for either or both, please contact Roger Duck . Saturday 13 April Cybernetics Society Symposium Email David to be sure of a place please. The Whole Earth: California and the Disappearance of the Outside Further information . The conference is hosted by the Institute for Educational Cybernetics Further details. Conference flyer. Difference That Makes a Difference 8-10 April 2013 Further information . FuturICT More . if you would like to attend. Location and details of Salieri Restaurant . contact me Agenda and Minutes of last Council and AGM meeting . Call for papers . Further details 0 , L 1 and L * Papers selected: The Natural History of Networks Learning Machines Man as a System that Needs to Learn A Cybernetic Model for some Types of Learning and Mentation Models for Social Systems and for Their Languages Cognitive Systems The Meaning of Cybernetics in the Behavioural Sciences Essays on the Ethics and Aesthetics of Control Interaction between Indviduals: its Stability and Style Anti- Hodmanship: A Report on the State and Prospects of CAI A Fresh Look at Cognition and the Individual (2011). Further details . reviews the book . Norbert Wiener in the 21st Century Further details . Call for participation ISSS San Jose 2012 Further Details . The Cybernetic State Video of Viable System Model . His book "The Cybernetic State" can be obtained on request from the author The organisers invite: Further details . 11 PhD Scholarships in the Hull University Business School Kybernetes Call for Editor Selecting and maintaining a pool of competent reviewers Engaging the Editorial Advisory Board in the work of the journal Qualifications and requirements of candidates Some of the key qualities sought for the position of Editor are: The ability to inspire an active Editorial Advisory Board Next steps Your application should include a covering letter describing: previous editorial experience A current CV Free download of Livas' Arrangements as usual starting at 2pm. Please email our if you would like to attend. Location and details of Salieri Restaurant . This is a two day Royal Society Discussion Meeting Admission is free and tickets should be . "A Systems View of Economics- Tools for Thought" web site ASC home page . A new book by a Member of Council of the Society Further . Sequester Offshore Funds? Shaxson estimates around 25% of Gross World Product kleptocrats "Treasure Islands" on You Tube. CYBERSYN More . if you would like to attend. Cybernetics Society Symposium 2011 24th September Click here to notify . Cybernetics Society 2011 AGM Organism-niche unity Humanness in human living Unitary epistemology Application deadline: July 15th, 2011. . Cybernetics Society 2011 Conference Secretary There is a conference web-site online informal e-mail ISSS Conference at HUBS July 17-22 2011 More information . Contact Angela Jerome (Jerry) Lettvin Dr. Alex Andrew writes: " Jerry Lettvin . Boston Globe . American Cybernetics Society 2011 Conference: "Listening" Please visit Note: applicants for the conference need to fill in a statement A sense of last years conference can be found here . Conference flyer . Infowar or Cyberwar? From The Register: Sir Maurice Wilkes BBC News writes . Obituaries from , , and . In 2004 gave his " Benoit Mandelbrot web of stories . Cybernetics of Cybernetics-a competition . Ernst von Glasersfeld on Radical Constructivism Ernst von Glasersfeld concisely discusses Radical Constructivism video impression Gregory Bateson Documentary Gregory Bateson (Quicktime). The 15 th Further details here . SCiO Business School Open University . Topics include: Systems from Scratch - Penny Marrington Taming Organisational Complexity - Stephen Brewis SCiO Autumn 2010 Newsetter (.pdf) . Reform of Banking IT vital for better regulation seems to have produced a world recession. Full story . Annual General Meeting Venter Institute produces first living cell with synthetic DNA of press release. Richard Gregory FRS webofstories.com . Lovelock changes his mind mind on Global Warming? Quoted by in slide 84 of his : Andrew Pickering Vanilla Beer and Dr. Roger Harnden at Amazon (UK). Further details Flyer . Three recent books Think before you Think Wavestone Press SuperFreakonomics video interview Relativity+ KES-AMSTA 2010 - Call for Papers and Invited Sessions Proposals Further details . 4th International Heinz von Forster Congress on Learning There is no fee for the conference. Further details . Voting on Google Project 10 100 closes October 8th Beer's VSM The Cybernetics Society 2009 Annual Conference . The speakers were:- Jasia Reichardt, Curator, "The Frankenstein Monster" Dr Alex M. Andrew Wiener Medalist 2009 Wiener Medal WOSC . Two new books by members of the Society A Missing Link in Cybernetics by Alex Andrew Science and Design of Systems by Janos Korn "Science and Design of Systems" . Matador 2009, ISBN: 978-1848761155. Paper submission: November 10 2009 Notification of acceptance: December 15 2009 Final papers: 5 February 2010 Further details . Fransisco Varela: A DVD Varela Maturana on autopoiesis Roger Harnden writes: A wonderful DVD Annual General Meeting Gordon Pask's work in Architecture Ten minute videos introducing cybernetics What is Cybernetics? Viable System Model Law Cybernetics Javier Livas on YouTube . Call for 1st Global Peter F. Drucker Forum The conference will be held in Austria November 19-20 2009. Helen Evans for organizers Emerald Group Publishing Ltd writes: .) Repositioning management as a social role Knowledge worker productivity and knowledge worker wisdom The future of knowledge work Innovation and entrepreneurship Managing nonprofits in the 21st century contact Helen Evans . Emerald . Expressions of interest can be submitted as an abstract We expect to be able to offer acceptance by 1st September. In 1954 popularized Management by Objectives ( MBO ). Call for Heinz von Foerster Congress 2009 are requested website "Database State": Rountree Reform Trust on UK Government IT David Shutt, Lord Shutt of Greetland, Chair of the Joseph Rowntree Reform Trust Ltd. states The assessment team from the included Professor Ross Anderson Download .pdf " Database State ". UK programme. Press release . Wikinomics and Collaboration Don Tapscott his talk 2009 Annual Lunch . Stephen Wolfram describes WolframAlpha knowledge search engine Wolfram's WolframAlpha Mathematica In his BBC News gathers first use . Lovelock interviewed by Nature Nature's chief News and Features editor, Oliver Morton, Nature's . Javier Livas on the Financial Crisis and Cybernetics and discusses the locus for negative feedback. Website TurtleArt: the Art of programming TurtleArt Brian Silverman Logo found here computer. Contact TurtleArt Call For Papers: Cyberworlds 2009 The New Cybernetics books Alex Andrew's Paul Stokes' Ralph-Eckhard Trke's "Governance" Beer's Patrick Hoverstadt's 2nd Quicycle Conference Pask's 1993 UK Systems Society International Conference 2009 Further details Second Cwarel Isaf Conference "The Cybernetics of Crisis" Gunnar Heinsohn The Professor Malik challenged participants to produce a Road Map The Cybernetics Society Annual Conference September 12th 2009 Dr David Dewhurst 1st International Conference on Collective Intelligence More details CHAOS 2009 . "But I bet they won't do it" he says in an interview in The idea is for farmers to burn or "biochar" We trust is satisfied. From Time Lehmann This is a by Dominic Woolf from Swansea University. formed in 2006. American Society for Cybernetics 2009 Conference The 2009 conference of the http://www.acteva.com/ttghits.cfm?EVA_ID=35631 arunc@evergreen.edu Further details . Oliver Selfridge reported Pandemonium The Ross Ashby Archive Received from Jill, Sally, Ruth, and Mick of Ashby's family: Ladies and Gentlemen, http://www.rossashby.info Professor Peter Felgett FRS Dr Richard Mitchell the Cybernetist. Professor John Rose: Kybernetes Memorial Issue Professor Brian Rudall, Editor-in-Chief of , writes: Kybernetes is currently offering Google 100 Details . The second challenge comes from the Buckminster Fuller Institute Details On the nature of the electron and other particles John's recent draft paper AISB 2008 Symposium on the Turing Test Further Details . ANZSYS08 Perth 1-3 Decemeber 2008 . The Cybernetics Society 40th Anniversary Conference To apply for membership of the Cybernetics Society follow this link with your proposals for our evening meetings programme. Recent publications on Beer and Pask 2007 ISBN 9783901941153). Members are reminded that reviews are welcome. Topology and physics Earlier this year president of the American Society for Cybernetics sent a list of video clips to the CYBCOM Richard Feynman: One Two Three Four Five Six Not Knot: One Two Sphere Eversion: One Two Three Garrett Lisi, E8 Lie Algebra and The Theory of Everything: One Two Also worthy of note are for demonstrations and Peoples Archive Artificial Life update Prof Kevin Warwick at the Department of Cybernetics his team had used a rat brain preparation to control . The . The list of include the " . This is the . The Cybernetics Society 2008 Annual General Meeting Cybernetic Serendipity Reduxonline discussion here Ning site from Ranulph Glanville Stafford Beer Two conferences are announced on the models of Stafford Beer . Professor Stig C Holmberg . Conference flyer and further details at Conference website . Full announcement Metaphorum website Short biography . Further details. 1st Cwarel Isaf Conference March 25th - 26th, 2008- Short Report was founded by the late Stafford Beer Viable System Model Syntegration Modelling (particularly the approach of Frederick Vester Bionics Nobelist Gerd Binnig Participants agreed, including many from the Metaphorum Group University of Gratz seeks Professor of Systems Science Detailed information Our Cybernetics: American Cybernetics Society Conference 2008 More details at . Distributed Computing Workshop To be held on Wednesday 21st May 2008 and organized by . QA session with a panel of experts. Networking opportunities. Agenda and more details Participation Alex Efimov . Pask Present- exhibition at 19th EMSCR Conference Further details Lovelock on Climate change at the Royal Society Our honorary fellow Gaia model Marvin Minsky website Pask's Beer's VSM. Fourteenth WOSC Conference next September Further details . Brochure . Professor Klaus Krippendorff " " (.ppt) and " details . Register . There are 15 symposia. Systems Science R. Belohlavek, USA, and P.Prautsch, Czech Republic Mathematical Methods in Cybernetics and Systems Theory Y.Rav, France, and J.Scharinger, Austria The Cybernetics of Cybernetics: Cybernetics, Interaction and Conversation R. Glanville, UK Living Systems Theory G.A.Swanson, USA Biocybernetics and Mathematical Biology L.M.Ricciardi, Italy Cultural Systems M.Fischer, UK, and D.Read, USA Cognitive Rationality, Relativity and Clarity I. Ezhkova, Belgium Socio-technical Systems: Design and Use G.Chroust, Austria, and S.Payr, Austria Neural Computation and Neuroinformatics G.Dorffner, Austria ACE 2008: Agent Construction and Emotions J.Gratch, USA, and P.Petta, Austria Agent-Based Modeling Simulation S.Bandini, Italy, and G.Vizzari, Italy Natural Language Processing E.Buchberger, Austria, and K.Oliva, Czech Republic Theory and Applications of Artificial Intelligence V.Marik, Czech Republic, and O.Stepankova, Czech Republic G.Chroust, Austria, and M.Mulej, Slovenia Management, Organizational Change, and Innovation M. Mulej, Slovenia John Rose obituary . Donald Michie Professor died in a car accident with his ex-wife Dame Anne McLaren Alan Turing and Jack Good ' Colossus II programmable Colossi , Guardian Times Independent Allenna Leonard's keynote speech to WMSCI Our member WMSCI ". The Pask Archive Rebecca Hibit . Pask introduced forces into Cybernetics with Paul Pangaro Pask's model Heinz von Foerster Pangaro Inc's Pask Archive http://www.cyberneticians.com Pask video clips . From Vanilla Beer: Maverick Machines Neurotechnologija . Windows demo and SDK trial downloads . Anatol Rapoport Anatol Rapoport, a founder of General Systems Theory A short appreciation and notes on sources . Call for papers World Chinese Forum on Science of General Systems (WCFSGS) This is a new WOSC 2008 Call for Papers The next World Oranisation for Systems and Cybenetics ( WOSC . Conference leaflet . In a report " " to the Stafford Beer Karl-Gustav Hanssen "Neural Networks as Cybernetic Systems" Holk Cruse has produced this open access etext tkCybernetics Principia Cybernetica Brains, Minds, and Media ". Fifty years of System Dynamics Further Details . A nanoengineer looks at red blood cells GEM 4 website The 31st Annual Cybernetics Society Conference here . Ratio Club feedback We trust many of the papers will appear in Kybernetes Robot Perception Research Project More . 2 video from MIT . New . James Lovelock "The Revenge of Gaia" in the Sunday Times. in the Independent. Tyler Volk . Professor Lovelock is an honorary fellow of the Society. Royal Society Video Archive " and gives an MIT video talk on GNR Forthcoming Systems and Cybernetics Conferences "Towards a Science of Complex Systems" European Conference on Complex Systems 2006 (ECCS'06) Further details and contacts . Complexity, Democracy Sustainability . The Emergences of Designs Washington Evolutionary Systems Society (WESS) at Capital Science 2006 Contact Jerry Chandler ALAS (Asociacin Lationamericana de Sistemas) 7th-9th August 2006 Buenos Aires YMCA. In Portugese and Spanish The Six Webs, 10 Years On Bill Joy Video from MIT Stafford Beer Viable System Model self-organisation autonomy Metaphorum website for more details. " . Dr Alex Andrew writes to CYBCOM . website on Stafford Beer " paper is available for download. Negreponte on the $100 Laptop Video from MIT receive comments . Forthcoming Talks Directions . More on the talks given this season. Date Organiser/Speaker Monday 24th April Dr Syed Raza "Sending Money Over the Internet" Monday 31st May Monday 21st June Monday 25th September Meeting Postponed Paul Pangaro videos and website Dr Paul Pangaro ". The site covers much of Paul's activitiy in Cybernetics . New Journal: Constructivist Foundations . Our distinguished member McCulloch , MacKay Walter Pitts Download in .doc format 30th Annual Conference of Cybernetics Society The 30th Annual Conference in the Strand Contact Further details . Email Diane Johnson The paperback is now in USA. Search on "Cybernetics of Cybernetics" with quotes. American Society for Cybernetics Highlights Takeshi Utsumi "Creating a Global University System" Karl Mueller "From Second Order Cybernetics to Second Order Science" Russell Ackoff "Types of Systems and Models of Them" . Changing Organisational Change! Brochure 18 th 18th-21st April 2006 in Vienna. The closing date for submitting papers Sixteen sessions Freeman Dyson A Tale of Tragic Genius Intelligent Cybernetic Systems This is a new Journal launched with a call for papers. Submitted articles may be of three basic types: "Forty Years of Cybernetics" Stafford Beer Gordon Hyde Memorial Lecture Wiener Ashby Gray Walter , Pask Pegasus Wizard Prang Syntegrity Reviews invited . More audio: Stafford responds to the (6 mins) and contributes to a memoir of Buckminster Fuller . Further information the organizers Prof. Max Bramer Dr. John Gordon (Director, AKRI). The Cybernetics of Managerial Cybernetics Practice Denis Adams describes the intentions International Herald Tribune of the New York Times. The publisher writes: Recent Reviews reviews Professor George Ellis video feed Templeton Conant-Ashby Theorem Slides in Powerpoint (.ppt ) or web (.htm) on Supramolecular Chemistry (.pdf). look at their website Cybernetics at UCLA The Bruin reports Multiple Versions of the World Berkeley celebrates Bateson's centennial conference reports . On the East Coast CUNY, New York , " ". CN Dr Robin Asby Metaphorum in Dublin Next Conference Dublin May 5th-6th 2005. Contact . Metaphorum Metaphorum Dowload poster . Full programme details. Conference Downloads received so far Dr Paul Stokes " ", Dr Espinosa's " NHS IT and Interactions of Actors VSM in Sociology Interfaith solution and his report for the European Parliament on technology. Pictures reports. Cybernetics Society Summer Cybernetics Conferences U.S. plans PPIFO PPIFO . eShepherd " when applied to passports. James Lovelock FCybS(hon) Independent , director of Friends of the Earth. Stafford Beer's Prang and the jests . SenseCam " in which Gordon Bell . In a Sunday Times article Ranulph Glanville reports announces " Nilpotence Professor George Spencer Brown It is with delight we learn that Spencer-Brown website . Lou Kauffman gives an exposition " Interactions of Actors (IA), Theory and Some Applications " download This work is foundational to the establishment of the Pask's last paper " Notes from the talk include references. of location. Non-members welcome. Intending vistors please contact a Council Member. (IFSR) meeting A Conscience for Cybernetics Observations on Humorous Act Construction Transport 2000 From the The Prize You can find an Tribute to West Churchman Have you read something that might be of interest to us? Send a review. " " Bateson Tickets " " Many thanks to Professor Keith Cash presentation is in .pdf format. More about Drama Theory at dramtec . Governance and Cybernetics: An announcement and Call for papers has been made for the meeting Mutant Machines ". Martin also tells us he is organising this year's to be held in Saturday 19th June at the Think Tank in Birmingham. More . " " Anyon Electroencephalograms " " [A,B] = AB - BA . He also gave us a quote from "Fragments of the Void-Selecta" He kindly agreed to publish it here Lou also drew attention to Knot Plot " " This affectionate memoir from David Whittaker has a short review Memorial Open Mind Project After the under achievements (" " Minsky) of Lenat's Cycorp contribute "Myosin, muscle and motility" "Catalysis in chemistry and biochemistry" Admission Free. Tickets required. Pask's IA axioms can produce a Viable System Nick Full Text. Professor Donald Mackay University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign March 4-6, 2004 " " papers " " A short report " Utopia theory " critique UPDATED with some full texts and supporting materials. " Critique of Memetics details CybCon 2003: Suggestions News and Notices Metaphorum was formed in June at the Hull University Staffordian Syntegration Past Proceedings - CybCon2002 Press Questions and Interviews Cybernetics News Can Baxter bring more manufacturing back to the west? Robotics guru Rodney Brooks who gave us the vacuum cleaning Roomba Rethink Robotics IEEE Spectrum . Call for e-Technology 2010 Flyer . Further details . Mechannibals on BBC2 more Microbes can produce wires Geobacter that is highly electrically conductive. more Brain may be less plastic than hoped more Wasileski reinsures pensions more Sony QRIO Robot for QRIO more Nanotechnology and the joint report " BBC . Ear-like system could clear up cellphone conversations more Human-Built World: How to Think About Technology and Culture Review by Mark Archer in FT of Thomas Hughes' book. more more Alexander Lerner dies at 90 Core Cybernetics more Advances in Haptic Interfaces from Reading more Management Cybernetics Inc. Release Omni7 Management Cybernetics more TV 'better for brain power than a book' more The Register more University Professor killed in Moscow more more High-Tech limbs help soldiers walk, run - and return to duty more Easy Microscope and Stage Automation more Web Lectures MIT's OpenCourseWare Homepage Videoed Physics Lectures e.g Prof Walter Lewin on There is a wealth of material. on Richard Feynman's Twistor Theory . Download Free Current Web Contents . ISI Fractal image from 
