 U.S.G.S. Planetary GIS Web Server - PIGWAD P lanetary I nteractive G .I.S.-on-the- W eb A nalyzable D atabase MSL Home Engineering Background MSLWorkshops OGC OGC Examples OGC First Meeting GlobalGIS Description Datasets QuickStart GlobalTools GISTutorials Updates Credits About Discussions GISDiscussions ISISDiscussions Astrogeology SolarSystem Missions Technology DataInformation Research HotTopics Gallery AboutUs Search Home PIGWAD Maps Mars TheMoon Venus Callisto Europa Ganymede Io GIS Tutorials Tools and Scripts Downloads Jovian Sats Mars Mercury Moon Venus Publications Links Mission Statement for PIGWAD The objectives of this project are three-fold: (1) Produce a web-based, user-friendly interface aimed at the planetary research community that will support Geographic Information Systems (GIS) graphical, statistical, and spatial tools for analyses of planetary data, including the distribution of planetary GIS tutorials, tools, programs, and information; (2) Create planetary GIS databases consisting of peer-reviewed digital geologic maps, feature maps, topography, and remote-sensing data under the scientific oversight of the NASA Geologic Mapping Subcommittee (GEMS); and (3) Support and encourage the use of GIS in planetary research including geospatial open standards. History NASA's Planetary Geology and Geophysics Program, under the auspices of the Planetary Cartography and Geologic Mapping Working Group (PCGMWG), has chosen to support a planetary, Web-based GIS and planetary GIS support site that the entire science community may utilize. The USGS in Flagstaff will provide this service, given our expertise in both terrestrial and planetary GIS. Datasets that will be incorporated into the viewers or for download must be approved under the scientific oversight of the Geologic Mapping Subcommittee (GEMS) of PCGMWG. What's New Oct 18, Update to Robbins Mars Crater Database . Available in Table, Shapefile (Lon,Lat,Diam fields) and ArcMap GeoDatabase (with all fields). Aug 8, New (v 1.8) Mars Global GIS Bundle (5.6GB) ( link ) July, Planetary Data Workshop presentations on-line . Mar 16, Robbins Mars Crater Database in CSV (Table) and GIS Shapefile now available (version Jan 14, 2012). Feb 14, Transition to new MRCTR () GIS Lab web site initiated. Jan 9, new Venus viewer on-line. Still in transition for Jovian moons to the new engine. Dec 7 2011, Retired all old viewers. Nov 20 2011, Added tiled cache layers to Mars and Lunar viewers Nov 11 2011, Raster Riser for ArcGIS 10 released ( link ) Sep 30 2011, Basic conversion tutorial for planetary data ( PDF , Powerpoint ) Sep 8 2011, Mercury Global Crater Database by Robert Herrick ( link , readme ) Mar 25 2011, Mars Valley Networks released by Brian Hynek ( link , pdf ) Jun 22 2011, Crater Helper Tools for ArcGIS 10 released ( link ) Jun 1 2011, Tools for Graphics and Shapes released for ArcMap 10 and now includes planetary geodesic routines ( link ) Mar 4 2011, Mars and Lunar beta viewers back for testing Jan 28 2011, released the Large Crater Clusters (LCC) Analysis Tools for ArcMap 9.3 ( link More History U.S. Department of the Interior | U.S. Geological Survey | Astrogeology Research Program HOME | Search Disclaimers Privacy thare@usgs.gov Last modified: August 8, 2005 
