 [ą¤Č­šŽżĄź­/ź­Á¤ş¸]šüÁËÇÇÇŘŔÚ °ĄÁˇľéŔÇ ´Ťš° ĂëŔÓ 1°łżůŔť ¸ÂŔĚÇŃ šÚ... 2014.02.21 Amb. Adisak Panupong ĹÂąššýšŤ... 2014.02.14 Á÷żř°ú ÇÔ˛˛ÇĎ´Â ťýŔĎĂŕÇĎ 2014.02.13 ÇüÁ¤żř, şÎź­ş° ÁÖżäž÷šŤş¸°íČ¸ °łĂÖ 2014.01.27 šÚťóżÁ ÁŚ13´ë ÇŃąšÇüťçÁ¤ĂĽżŹą¸żřŔĺ ĂëŔÓ 2014.01.20 Ŕ§ĂËÁ÷żř š× ŔÎĹĎżŹą¸żř Ă¤żë 2014.02.20 ĂťłâŔÎĹĎ Ă¤żë 2014.02.20 °ćÁŚĄ¤ŔÎšŽťçČ¸żŹą¸Č¸ Á÷żř ¸đÁý 2014.02.10 ÇüťçÁ¤ĂĽżŹą¸ ĄŽş˝ČŁĄŻ żř°í¸Ś ¸đÁýÇŐ´Ď´Ů. 2014.01.27 °ćÁŚĄ¤ŔÎšŽťçČ¸żŹą¸Č¸ ťçšŤĂŃŔĺ ĂĘşů°ř°í 2014.01.20 ÁŚ1Č¸ ĂĘĂť°­żŹČ¸ °łĂÖ 2014.01.17 2013łâ ÁŚ5Č¸ Á¤ĂĽźźšĚłŞ °łĂÖ 2013.12.19 ąčÁžżř źşąŐ°ü´ë ¸íżšąłźö ĂĘĂť°­żŹČ¸ °łĂÖ 2013.10.25 ÁŚ4Č¸ ÇüťçťçšýĆ÷ˇł °łĂÖ 2013.10.22 Č÷śó¸Žąâ ĹäĹ°żŔ ¸íżšąłźö ĂĘĂť KIC şĎ ÄÜź­ĆŽ °łĂÖ 2013.10.17 źź°č ĂÖ´ëŔÇ şÎĆĐ Ă´°á ÁýČ¸żĄź­ °łšßżĄ ´ëÇŃ şÎĆĐŔÇ... 2013.11.26 UNODC ťçšŤĂŃŔĺ žĆ¸Ł¸Ţ´ĎžĆ °ř˝ÄšćšŽ, šüÁËżššć,... 2013.11.26 UNODC şź¸ŽşńžĆ ŔÎ˝Ĺ ¸Ĺ¸Ĺ¸Ś šćÁöÇĎąâ Ŕ§ÇĎżŠ śó... 2013.11.26 żÂśóŔÎ žĆľż ÇĐ´ë ´ëĂĽ ¸śˇĂ 2013.11.26 ŔŻżŁ ¸śžŕšüÁË ťçšŤźŇŔĺ, ČÇ¸˘ÇŃ ĹëÄĄżÍ şÎÁ¤ şÎĆĐšć... 2013.11.26 ŔŻ°üąâ°üšŮˇÎ°Ąąâ °ćÁŚŔÎšŽťçČ¸żŹą¸Č¸ °úÇĐąâźúÁ¤ĂĽżŹą¸żř ąšĹäżŹą¸żř ´ëżÜ°ćÁŚÁ¤ĂĽżŹą¸żř ťęž÷żŹą¸żř żĄłĘÁö°ćÁŚżŹą¸żř Á¤ş¸Ĺë˝ĹÁ¤ĂĽżŹą¸żř ĹëŔĎżŹą¸żř ÇŃąš°łšßżŹą¸żř ÇŃąšąłŔ°°łšßżř ÇŃąšąłŔ°°úÁ¤Ćň°Ążř ÇŃąšąłĹëżŹą¸żř ÇŃąšłëľżżŹą¸żř ÇŃąšłóĂĚ°ćÁŚżŹą¸żř ÇŃąššýÁŚżŹą¸żř ÇŃąšş¸°ÇťçČ¸żŹą¸żř ÇŃąšżŠźşÁ¤ĂĽżŹą¸żř ÇŃąšÁśźźżŹą¸żř ÇŃąšÁ÷ž÷´ÉˇÂ°łšßżř ÇŃąšĂťźŇłâÁ¤ĂĽżŹą¸żř ÇŃąšÇŘžçźöťę°łšßżř ÇŃąšÇŕÁ¤żŹą¸żř ÇŃąšČŻ°ćÁ¤ĂĽ¤ýĆň°ĄżŹą¸żř łóĂĚÁ¤ş¸šŽČ­źžĹÍ °ÇĂŕľľ˝Ă°ř°ŁżŹą¸źŇ KDIąšÁŚÁ¤ĂĽ´ëÇĐżř Ŕ°žĆÁ¤ĂĽżŹą¸źŇ °üˇĂťçŔĚĆŽ ´ëšýżř šýżřľľź­°ü šýšŤşÎ ´ë°ËÂűĂť °ćÂűĂť ťçŔĚšöšüÁËšćÁö°ĄťóĆ÷ˇł Site Map   Home    About UNICRI  News    Multimedia   Join Us    Search Topics Main Issues CBRN Risk Mitigation and Security Governance Programme Counterfeiting Countering the Appeal of Terrorism Environmental Crimes International Criminal Law Juvenile Justice Major Events Security Maritime Piracy Organized Crime and Corruption Public Private Partnerships (PPPs) for the Protection of Vulnerable Targets Promoting Social Justice and Development Trafficking in Persons and Exploitation of Migrants Urban Security Violence against Women Special Issues Illicit Traffic in Precious Metals and Traceability and Ethical Origin of Coloured Gemstones Building capacity to enhance ethics and human rights protection of participants in biomedical research Addressing Risks of Advances in Biology and Biotechnology Cyber Threats PROFILING - PROtecting citizens' rights and Fighting ILlicit profilING Light On: Hate Crimes IN FOCUS Voices against Crime / Voci contro il crimine New pilot project on victims of crime in Naples - Nuovo progetto pilota sulle vittime del crimine a Napoli UNICRI Journalism and Public Information Programme on New Threats Application deadline: 2 March 2014 The International Criminal Law Defence Seminar Turin, 5-8 May 2014 - The Seminar represents a unique opportunity to acquire a deep understanding of defence in the area of international criminal law. Unicri at a Glance A brief resume of UNICRI activities International Forum of Mayors on Crime Prevention and Security in Urban Settings Sharing best practices and information to address the complex challenges of urban security Security Implications of Synthetic Biology and Nanobiotechnology A Risk and Response Assessment of Advances in Biothecnology CBRN CoE Projects 1 - 19 Grant Scheme UNICRI Grant Scheme for the approval of 19 Grants to non-profit organizations for the implementation of the EU CBRN Risk Mitigation CoE Initiative related projects NEW Online Bibliography on Environmental Crimes Legal Portal on Maritime Piracy Court Cases Enhancing the capacity of judiciaries, legal practitioners and law enforcement agents to investigate and prosecute piracy Services Training and Advanced Education Documentation and Information Centre UNICRI Liaison Office in Rome Information for Media Partners and Donors Academia Our UN UN System UN Millenium Development Goals Other Resources International Criminal Justice Event Calendar War Crimes Justice Project Freedom From Fear Magazine Contact Us Disclaimer | Acknowledgements Home Technologies Geographic Profiling Linkage Analysis Evidence-based Suspect Prioritization Products Product Overview Rigel Workstation Rigel Workstation Military Rigel Analyst Gemini Request a Geographic Profile Training Training Schedule CGPATC Training Support Software Support Customer Support Center News News and Announcements About About ECRI Employment Opportunities Site Map Contact Us Technologies Products Training Support New GPA course dates in the Training Schedule. Register now! Copyright 2014 Environmental Criminology Research Inc. | Powered by WordPress | target theme by antthemes Follow us: Login HOME ABOUT THE COUNCIL Introduction Executive Secretary Council members Contact Secretaries Contact info Annual Reports Purpose and Statutes News RESEARCH Current Research Projects Completed Research Projects Conferences and Seminars Grants PUBLICATIONS Newsletter Research Seminar Reports Contact Seminar Reports Annual Reports Other Reports Bibliography_Older BIBLIOGRAPHY Thesaurus Author Databases Links Biblio siteindex LINKS Denmark Finland Greenland Iceland Norway Sweden Other links Page The Scandinavian Research Council for Criminology was established in 1962 by the Ministries of Justice in Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway and Sweden.The purpose of the Council is to further criminological research within the member countries and advise the Scandinavian governments and the Nordic Council on issues related to criminology. Read more about the council COUNCIL NEWS 05/02/14 Newsletter for January 2014 21/01/14 LĂ¸sladelse. PlanlĂŚgning og samarbejde i Danmark, Norge og Sverige 09/01/14 Newsletter for December 04/12/13 Newsletter for November Older Council News GRANTS Research Grants for 2014 Travel Grants Guidelines for Grants NORDISK KRIMINOLOGI Nordisk Kriminologi is a monthly newsletter bringing the latest information in Scandinavian from the field of Criminology Newsletter for January 2014 Newsletter for December Older issues of Newsletter Receive E-mail Newsletter Subscribe Unsubscribe Please enter valid email. Please enter valid email. NEW RESEARCH 21/01/14 LĂ¸sladelse. PlanlĂŚgning og samarbejde i Danmark, Norge og Sverige Denne rapport er et produkt af en langstrakt proces, som startede med, at Nordisk SamarbejdsrĂĽd for Kriminologi holdt et kontaktseminar i Danmark i 2009. Som pĂĽ andre kontaktseminarer var formĂĽlet at skabe dialog imellem praktikere og forskere indenfor et fĂŚlles fagligt felt, i dette tilfĂŚlde lĂ¸sladelse fra fĂŚngsel. CONFERENCES 18/10/13 NSfK Research Seminar 2014 Nordisk SamarbejdsrĂĽd for Kriminologi prĂŚsenterer med glĂŚde det 56. forskerseminar. Dette ĂĽrs seminar vil foregĂĽr pĂĽ Skarrildhus, Danmark 7.-9. maj 2014. Vi byder alle interesserede forskere velkomne til at ansĂ¸ge om deltagelse i seminaret. JOURNAL OF SCANDINAVIAN STUDIES IN CRIMINOLOGY 16/08/10 Published in cooperation between NSfK, the Crime Preventive Councils in Denmark, Finland and Norway, and the Department of Criminology, Stockholm University. The Journal is published by Taylor & Francis and edited by Janne Kivivuori. Latest issue NORDISK TIDSSKRIFT FOR KRIMINALVIDENSKAB 16/08/10 Thomas Elholm, redaktĂ¸r. SĂŚrnummer om miljĂ¸strafferet. Artiklerne er skrevet af en arbejdsgruppe under NSfK. Latest issue ABOUT THE COUNCIL Introduction Executive Secretary Council members Contact Secretaries Contact info Annual Reports Purpose and Statutes News RESEARCH Current Research Projects Completed Research Projects Conferences and Seminars Grants PUBLICATIONS Newsletter Research Seminar Reports Contact Seminar Reports Annual Reports Other Reports Bibliography_Older BIBLIOGRAPHY Thesaurus Author Databases Links Biblio siteindex LINKS Denmark Finland Greenland Iceland Norway Sweden Other links 2010 Scandinavian Research Council for Criminology c/o Faculty of Law - Aarhus Universitet | Bartholins All 16 - Building 1328 | 8000 Aarhus C - Denmark | +45 87165487 DEUTSCH ESPAĂOL Home About Login Register Search Current Archives Announcements Open Journal Systems Journal Help Journal Content Search All Authors Title Abstract Index terms Full Text Browse By Issue By Author By Title By Identify Types Font Size Information For Readers For Authors For Librarians Article Tools Print this article Indexing metadata How to cite item Finding References Review policy (Login required) (Login required) (Login required) Current Issue Home Vol 1, No 1 (2000)   LĂśschper Crime and Social Control as Fields of Qualitative Research in the Social Sciences Gabi LĂśschper Abstract Crime and social control are fields of qualitative research in the social sciences, where behavior is not inherently deviant or criminal, but rather, deviance is a matter of interpretation and judgment. "Crime" is constructed and negotiated in social discourses and processes of social interaction in and with institutions of social control. Therefore only qualitative inquiries of "crime" make sense. This paper reports examples of qualitative studies (from ethnography, hermeneutical sociology of knowledge, ethnomethodology/conversation analysis, discourse analysis and narrative analysis) especially of deviant subcultures, reporting conflicts to the police, police inquiries and interrogations and criminal court procedures. Keywords crime as social construction; second code of the criminal justice system; ethnography; ethnomethodology; discourse analysis; narrative analysis Full Text: HTML (Deutsch) PDF (Deutsch) HTML PDF ÂŠ 1999-2014 Forum Qualitative Sozialforschung / Forum: Qualitative Social Research (ISSN 1438-5627) Supported by the Institute for Qualitative Research and the Center for Digital Systems , Freie UniversitĂ¤t Berlin Â  Welcome To Criminal Profiling Featuring Criminal Justice, Offender Profiling, Victimology, Serial Killers & Forensic Psychology News - Please login or register to comment Identity theft protection - protect your family. Free 30 day trial with no risks. Trusted partner. LA Police - 72-year-old responsible for 30 rapes and killings Friday 1 May 2009 in In The News 82 Comment(s) Los Angeles police believe they have caught a serial killer responsible for the rape and murders of up to 30 elderly women in two separate waves of rampages in the 1970s and 1980s. Judge to summon Kate McCann back to Portugal Friday 14 September 2007 in In The News 38 Comment(s) Kate McCann could be reinterviewed on the orders of a judge as police struggle to gather enough evidence to charge her, it emerged last night. Criminal Justice Degrees Information Saturday 1 September 2007 in Criminology 0 Comment(s) We get asked on a daily basis which is the best way to enter the criminal justice field by taking a course online... NASA Man Kills Hostage After Fear Of Firing Saturday 21 April 2007 in In The News 31 Comment(s) The shooter in an apparent murder-suicide at Johnson Space Center had received a poor job review and feared being fired, police said Saturday. US University Shooting Kills Thirty Three Thursday 19 April 2007 in In The News 29 Comment(s) A US shooting rampage at the Virginia Tech university has left 33 people, including a suspected gunman, dead. Most Dangerous Cities In America Tuesday 31 October 2006 in In The News 34 Comment(s) St. Louis reclaimed the title of America's most dangerous city, which it last held in 2002, based on crime statistics Entwistle pleads not guilty to murders Thursday 16 February 2006 in In The News 26 Comment(s) The lawyer for Neil Entwistle has entered a plea of not guilty Thursday to first-degree murder in the deaths of his wife and infant daughter. Family overwhelmed by loss over US shootings Thursday 2 February 2006 in In The News 28 Comment(s) The parents of an American woman shot dead along with her nine-month-old daughter, have said they are "overwhelmed by loss". Pig farmer from Canada denies murders Tuesday 31 January 2006 in In The News 37 Comment(s) A Canadian pig farmer accused of being the country's worst serial killer has pleaded not guilty to the murder of 27 women sex workers and drug addicts. Criminology and Criminal Justice - February 2006 issue Tuesday 31 January 2006 in Criminology 24 Comment(s) Special Issue: What Lies Beyond? Problems, Prospects and Possibilities for Life After Punishment: Edited by: Stephen Farrall and Richard Sparks MRI lie detectors - brain scans to identify liars Monday 30 January 2006 in In The News 25 Comment(s) Picture this: Your boss is threatening to fire you because he thinks you stole company property. He doesn't believe your denials. Your lawyer suggests you deny it one more time, in a brain scanner that will show you're telling the truth. Girl of seven found murdered Friday 27 January 2006 in In The News 31 Comment(s) A 7-year-old Brooklyn girl was bound and held captive in her home before being bludgeoned by her step father, according to police. The man was charged with murder and sexual abuse. The child's mother will face charges of manslaughter and reckless endangerment. Suspects held in girls murder Sunday 25 December 2005 in In The News 36 Comment(s) Alejandra Gutierrez disappeared December 8 after she left for school. The body was found at gravel pit outside Muncie. Judge orders pyschological evaluations of serial rapist Monday 12 December 2005 in In The News 22 Comment(s) The man police say raped women in Ahwatukee Foothills and about Phoenix, was ordered last week to a series of psychological evaluations to see if he is competent to stand trial. Criminal Profiling Home Profiling Messageboard News Comments Submit Story Main News Archives News Categories Authorities Behavioral Science Bookstore Case Studies Crime Dynamics Criminology Daily Updates Education Forensics In The News Interviews Literature Members Articles Offender Profiling References Victimology Help Desk Software Buh Bye Free Dating Website Holiday Rentals E-Commerce By Let's Build ERP Software Downloads Actors Kit - Actors Headshots and Websites Live Chat Rooms More Criminal Profiling Links Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds. Home What is GIS? GIS Career Learn GIS Maps Software Contact Submit an Article Advertise Crime Mapping: GIS Goes Mainstream GIS Learning Caitlin Dempsey Share: Tweet I can cut crime in half in any city in this country. So uttered are the first words of Police Chief Jack Mannion, played by Craig T. Nelson in CBS new series The District. The premise of this new show is an aggressive Police Chief who uses innovative tactics to reduce crime through analysis involving mapping. The first shows ends with Mannion unveiling COMPSTAT, a crime-mapping tool that allows the fictional Washington D.C. police department the ability to view crime patterns. While the show is fictional, it is loosely based on the real-life events of former New York Deputy Police Commissioner Jack Maple. COMPSTAT is also a real-life crime program, which was first created by the New York City Police and Transit Authority to help cut crime. During his short-tenure, Jack Maple was able to help turn New York from a crime-ridden city to a place where people felt comfortable jogging in Central Park again. While probably emerging as the most viewed mainstream example of GIS, The District is by no means the first example of GIS in pulp media. Patricia Cornwells police murder mystery, Southern Cross also introduced COMPSTAT as her detectives attempt to track villains. Crime Analysis COMPSTAT, and other GIS crime mapping applications have since become widespread and almost commonplace in law enforcement agencies nationwide as well as worldwide. Probably one of the most invaluable tools available for effective crime fighting is information. Using maps to display that information is an old tool. The advent of desktop computers has significantly increased the role of computer mapping. The availability of low-cost and user-friendly GIS applications has further served to increase the use of GIS in crime mapping. The 1994 Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act provided a boost to the implementation of GIS by providing funding for crime prevention programs. The added functionality of a GIS over computer mapping has increased the capabilities of crime fighting. GIS replacement of paper-based or flat file searching increases the efficiency and speed of the analysis. GIS helps crime analysis in many ways. The foremost use is to visualize crime occurrences. This allows law enforcement agencies to understand where crime is occurring as well as determine if there are any patterns. Areas of high crime density are known as hot spots. Hot spot analysis is a valuable tool as it allows police to not only identify areas of high crime but also explore variables that are affecting crime patterns. For example, mapping drug arrests may show an increased density around locations that have public telephones. With this information, law enforcement agencies can be more efficient in their crime fighting tactics from increasing patrols around such locations or by proactive measures by removing problematic public phones that persistently attract drug transactions. As the use of GIS evolves in crime analysis, new and innovative applications are emerging. One of the latest examples of such creativeness is the use of GIS to triangulate gunfire. In conjunction with consultants, the Police Department in Redwood City, California implemented ShotSpotter . This application uses strategically placed microphones in conjunction with GIS to locate gunshots using triangulation. The application, created with ESRIs MapObjects , can then search the property information to determine the address of the nearest residence or business to the gunfire. The inventiveness of this program earned it an induction by the Smithsonian Institute into its 2000 Information Technology Innovation Collection. Crime Mapping on the Web With the increase of GIS in crime mapping has come increased public access to crime data. The most accessible and popular method emerging is through Internet access. In 1995, the Police Department of Vacaville, California was one of the first law enforcement agencies to put crime maps on the web. Now, there are many agencies that publish their crime data via the Internet. Not everyone is happy about the proliferation of crime data on the Internet. Real estate developers and agents feel that public crime data in high crime data will lower housing prices. As with most debates about web publishing of GIS data, right-to-privacy advocates worry about backlashes towards former felons especially convicted sex offenders and domestic violence criminals. The reality of the situation is that most of this information is public information (check the crime blotter section of your local newspaper) although the ease of crime mapping makes this information more readily available. - You Might Also Be Interested In: CompStat Under Question Crime Mapping and the Los Angeles Police Geospatial Redux: Oakland Crimespotting, GISFish, Festival of Maps Crime Mapping and Analysis Online Crime Mapping Bad for Housing Values? Like this article? Share: Tweet Tags : CompStat , Crime Mapping , The District Comments (5) Trackback URL | Comments RSS Feed nora says: Hi, I come from GIS background and been using ArcGIS and MapInfo for work. Thus been conducting hot spot analysis by using ArcGIS before but now with new job I have to use Smallworld. Reply albert says: I am a M.Tech geohydro informatics using GIS and interested in crime mapping and want to take it as career.i will do my final year project i crime gis so where available in crime gis project work please infor me , mainly in india Reply Brandon Purcell says: Trevor, My company does consulting and builds next generation data visualization tools that can be used for Crime. You can see one example at http://www.universalmind.com/demo/launchpad.cfm Reply S. Halder says: I am a student of Geoinformatics ans interested in crime mapping and want to take it as career.Can someone show me the right way? Reply Trevor Marshall says: I am searching for a company that is involved in crime technology consulting that may be interested in assisting the government of my country in developing a new crime fighting strategy which will include use of crime mapping as one of the features of the strategy. Can you assist? Reply Discuss this article Cancel reply Your email address will not be shown.  Name * Email * Website Comment Geography Markup Language (GML) 2.0 Enabling the Geospatial Web GIS Day Celebrate November 14th, 2001   Subscribe Enter your email address to receive our weekly newsletter. Search GIS Book Pick The Look of Maps: An Examination of Cartographic Design is a cartographic classic by Arthur H. Robinson originally published in 1952. The book was based on Robinsonâs doctoral research âwhich investigated the relationship between science and art in cartography and the resultant refinement of graphic techniques in mapmaking to present dynamic geographic information.â? Most Popular â? for the Surveying Profession The Rainforest Magician Optical Illusions and the Spectra of the Canopy Hyperlocal Mapping in Syria Danie Krige and Kriging Humorous GIS Related 404 Pages Sponsors Introduction to GIS Start by reading What is GIS GIS 101 launch page for geospatial basics. GIS Jobs Interested in GIS as a career? Visit GISGig.com Building a Career in GIS Geospatial Resources Cartography Maps Software (also Open Source GIS Software ) Data How to Learn GIS Connect Colophon Advertising on GIS Lounge Submitting to GIS Lounge Contact GIS Lounge Subscribe Site Map More in GIS Learning Geography Markup Language (GML) 2.0 Enabling the Geospatial Web Ron Lake is the President of Galdos Systems Inc., a company that provides advanced software tools to enable the delivery... Close New!! . September 2013 Currently assisting: Previous Projects: Presentation to Norad, Oslo, Estimating Illicit Flows from Developing Countries 2008 in Review! 100-page Main Report Modeling Global Crime: Illicit Drugs Money Laundering Justice System Resource Allocation: Forecasting Trends in Crime The Costs of Crime Staffing the Police . W Malcolm Forbes Philosophy History Photos Walker's Law to educate judges, to train correctional staff. The aim is to develop your Philosophy specialising History Illicit drug use and drug markets. The impacts of new legislation and policy. th . ), the , the , New Zealand and Colorado (USA)). ) [3] [2 ] [4] Client and Visitor Feedback Social Research consultant, 2014. Thanks for your support and your pioneering work which inspired ours Taiwan economist, 2009. Austrade Manager, 2009. The Police Allocation Model has exceeded everyone's expectations - Austrian Economics Professor 2006. Hi John, thanks for working with us so amicably, it is really appreciated - A.C.T. Juvenile Justice 2006. - Anti-money-laundering expert Hong Kong 2006. Chinese PhD criminology student 2005. - Austrian PhD economics student 2004. Contact Information Telephone +61 (0)2 6297 9764 FAX +61 (0)2 6297 9764 Postal address 6 Severne St, Queanbeyan, NSW2620, Australia Electronic mail john.walker@johnwalkercrimetrendsanalysis.com.au [ Home ] Home Criminal Mind Criminal Psychology Albert Fish Andrea Yates Incorrect expert testimony causes murder convictions to be overturned. Is a new trial in the offing? Angels of Death The Doctors Angels of Death The Female Nurses Nurses continue to murder their patients. Dr. Katherine Ramsland examines the motives and some high-profile and recent cases. Angels of Death The Male Nurses Evidence of nurses who murder their patients has reached epidemic proportions globally. Dr. Ramsland examines the motives and major cases. Review of new book on Donald Harvey. Automatism: The Sleepwalker's Defense Brutal murders committed by people who kill in their sleep. Bad to the Bone Beverley Allitt Attentive pediatric nurse, suffering from bizarre Munchausen by Proxy syndrome, maims and murders many babies before the hospital understands the problem. The Black Widow The methods and motives of the female serial killer. Now with a new chapter. Bloggers who Kill; Killers who Blog The malicious weave a tangled Web. Cannibalism The C.S.I. Effect What jurors bring to a trial is as decisive to the outcome as the evidence presented. Some experts are concerned that criminal procedural dramas like C.S.I. are affecting not only the behavior of criminals, but the jurors who determine guilt or innocence. The Childhood Psychopath Bad seed or bad parents? The Cudahy Kidnapping 16-year-old son of Omaha meat-packing baron is kidnapped. Incredibly, the kidnappers, who have pocketed $50,000, are caught but acquitted by 2 different juries. Cyberstalking Debra Lafave A number of things in her life contributed to her obsessive need for sexual attention from boys a decade younger than herself and her step over the line into outrageous and highly illegal behavior. Her crimes have been disastrous for her victim, her husband, the families involved and the community. Many believe that she has gotten off too lightly. Defending Oneself in Court The chance to see celebrity criminals in action - contributing to their own downfall. Dr. Robert Hare Evil, Part one Evil, Part two Evil, Part three Fathers Who Kill What kinds of pressures drive fathers to murder their children? Dr. Katherine Ramsland provides some answers and looks at some high-profile cases. Female Mass Murderers Many people think of mass murderers as men and most of them are, but here are some famous women mass murderers. Some of the psychology and motivations are different from male mass murderers. Female Offenders Forensic Psychology How this art form was used in high profile cases like Andrea Yates, Scott Peterson, and John Wayne Gacy. The Girl in the Box Then one day the whole nightmare ended as quickly as it had begun. Graham Young Young psychopath obsessed with poisons grows up to be the expert St. Albans Poisoner, assisted by negligent authorities. Harvey Robinson Intelligent teen athlete with chronic juvenile rap sheet turns into a rampaging rapist, stalker and serial killer. Despite his good points, his chronic violence puts him on Pennsylvania's death row. Henry Lee Lucas Along with psychopath sidekick Ottis Toole, he traveled the U.S. raping, robbing, killing, and mutilating men, women & children. Originally thought to have killed 360 people, some of his confessions are now discredited. Whatever number of murders he & Toole committed, these two serial killers set a new standard in depravity. The Hollow Men by Stephen Michaud Why Serial Killers Have to Kill to Feel. The Insanity Defense Evolution of a controversial defense and famous trials in which it was used. Inside the mind of Joran van der Sloot Joran van der Sloot's media antics have overshadowed his victims' plight, but is there a deeper psychology at work? Inside the mind of The Barefoot Burglar Bad company and an abusive home life took their toll on Colton Harris-Moore, even so he still showed signs of resourcefulness and resolve. A peek inside the mind of the Barefoot Burglar. Jeffrey Dahmer Jerry Brudos Serial killer Jerry Brudos, died March 28, 2006. Kenneth Parnell and Steven Stayner Years later in 2002, Parnell was free and in his 70s, but Parnell's age and frailty did not prevent him from asking a caregiver to obtain a little African-American boy for him. Parnell offered the woman $500 for the service. At first, the woman doubted that the old man was serious, but when she became convinced that he was, she went to the authorities. A sting operation was arranged and Parnell was caught red handed in an attempt to perpetrate his twisted, criminal behavior on another child victim. Kidnapped Children Most children murdered during stranger kidnappings are killed within a few hours. A close look at this serious problem and what can be done about it. The Kidnapping of Elizabeth Smart Homeless preacher Brian David Mitchell and his common law wife, Wanda Barzee, brazenly kidnap a 14-year-old girl from her bedroom, initiating an internationally publicized investigation. Bureaucratic errors permit the kidnappers and their victim to live out in the open for 9 months. This case is a excellent example of the Stockholm Syndrome, where the captured victim learns to sympathize with her captors. Littleton: The Columbine School Shooting New information sheds controversial light on the behavior of Columbine school shooters Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold that should have been a red flag to parents, school authorities and law enforcement. Marc Lepine He lifted the rifle again and, as they screamed for mercy or tried to leap out of range, he methodically shot them from left to right. All were hit. Mary Kay Letourneau Bizarre case of married teacher who raped her young student and eventually had two children by him. Now out of prison, she has married her victim. Happy ever after? Not entirely. Marybeth Tinning And no one knew why. Michael Ross It didn't take long for his fantasies to spiral out of control. McMartin Day Care Movies Made Me Kill It stands to reason that violent imagery will affect certain people in a way that inspires them to act out. From the story that affects them, they acquire a frame and guidelines, and sometimes even interpret the film as a license to kill. Not everyone will be thus affected, but among those who are, it's safe to say there is such a thing as a "Copycat Effect" when the portrayal of violence grips a person so firmly that he or she decides follow the details of that specific template. Has the movie made him kill? No, but has it given him ideas and methods even victims? We can see that such things have occurred and are likely to continue to occur. Multiple Personality Disorder Highly controversial disorder, often faked, has been the cause of hysteria and scandal. Munchausen Syndrome by Proxy Profiler Pat Brown describes this bizarre form of psychopathic behavior that particularly affects women. Necrophiles On December 30, 2006, the complete and partial skulls of nineteen people four women, eleven girls and four boys - were discovered on the property of an upscale home in Nithari, a suburb of New Delhi, precipitating a search for more remains. It was obvious at once that the police were dealing with a serial killer, but investigators would soon learn that they in fact had two suspects, possibly three. Neil Entwistle Alleged killer of his wife and baby daughter, he returns from England to face the charges. Dr. Katherine Ramsland looks at the psychology of men who kill their families and the pressures that lead to such homicides. Nietzsche-Inspired Crimes Nietzsche's concept of the Superman, who did not have to conform to the morals of the times, was an inspiration to Hitler, among others. The Night Stalker Sadistic, psychopathic monster terrifies California suburbs, murdering, raping & brutalizing his victims. New chapters on his trial and his love for Satan. The Only Living Witness by Stephen Michaud Excerpt from the book that tells the true story of Ted Bundy. Patrick Mackay The British health system kept giving him a pass, permitting him to escalate his violence into repeated murders, including a priest who befriended him. Pedophiles and Child Molesters NY Detective Mark Gado delves into the secret criminal world of pedophiles and child molesters: how it operates under the radar screens of law enforcement and communities; ways to identify these people and what to do to stop them from violating your children. Peter Braunstein Bizarre fashion writer becomes obsessed with various women, stalks them and, in one case on Halloween, dressed as a fireman he breaks into a woman's apartment and molests her. On the lam for weeks, he is now on trial for sexual molestation and robbery. Pleading not guilty by reason of insanity, Braunstein's planning, deception and flight indicate he knew that what he did was against the law. Prenatal Predators Obsession with babies leads to unthinkable acts of violence. A look at recent and high-profile cases and the mind-set of women who become prenatal predators. Ricky Davis Dena Riley Career criminal and meth-addicted mommy link up to fulfill Ricky's lifetime ambition torturing, raping and killing women on video. Just as police got an important tip, this depraved couple escaped, abducted a young girl and planned their suicide. Ripper Rapists The horrific injuries didnt stop with her throat being slashed. Yet, this attractive young woman who had been left for dead, survived. Her personal strength and a few miracles have given her life back. Risk Assessment Can we predict extreme fatal violence? Dr. Katherine Ramsland explores the causes of incidents of mass murder. Robert Charles Browne An imprisoned psychopath attempts to confess to dozens of murders, provoking debate as to his motives and veracity. Robert Leroy Anderson A study in sexual sadism, he & his friend stalked and abducted attractive women to torture, rape & murder. Robert Ressler Katherine Ramsland interviews one of the most famous pioneers of the FBI's Behavioral Sciences Unit who actually coined the term "serial killer." He talks about his experiences on major cases, including Jeffrey Dahmer, John Wayne Gacy, Arthur Shawcross and William Heirens, the "Lipstick Killer." Ruthann Aron: A Deadly Proposal From a modest start as a waitress in her father's diner, Ruthann rises to power and wealth in Montgomery County, Maryland, an important suburb of Washington, D.C. But the power goes to her head and she starts making business decisions that land her in court. Her ambition seems to know no bounds when she takes aim at unseating entrenched politicians with dubious campaign tactics. Finally, she embraces contract killing as a way to get what she wants. Serial Killer Art Whether created out of boredom, therapy, or greed, violent offenders find a ready market for their drawings, paintings, poetry & song. Serial Killer Culture A grim fascination with serial killers has created a robust "murderabilia" market. Many millions are spent each year not on serial killer movies and books, but on everything from paintings and other artwork created by serial killers to tacky souvenirs, coloring books, games and joke gifts. Some women are so attracted that they become serial killer groupies and even wives. A close look at why we are so fascinated by serial murder. Serial Killer Groupies Busty GroBust spokeswoman Victoria Redstall vows to make a "star" out of her good friend Wayne Adam Ford, a vicious serial killer who cut off the breasts of his victims. Redstall is just one of many women who become obsessed with the most frightening type of murderer. Some of them are surprising. Serial Killers Who Surrender However, there have been cases of men who have stopped themselves from killing again by going to the police to confess. Some actually express remorse, and might indicate that they'd been on drugs or were in some other state of diminished mental capacity during their crimes. They might also have come to the realization that, try as they might, they cannot stop themselves. Sex Slaves There are four basic victim types and sometimes their stories lead to the grave and sometimes to freedom. The slave masters are also very diverse psychologically in the way they practice this deadly game of dominance and submission. Sid Vicious & Nauseating Nancy Finally, their lives became classic co-dependencies: heroin and each other, until one morning she was found stabbed to death and he was charged with her murder. The Sizzler's Massacre Many young men are brutally murdered at a gay massage parlor. Was it a mob hit, hate crime or theft? Stalkers: The Psychological Terrorist Often the victims are celebrities like Madonna and murdered young actress Rebecca Schaeffer, but one in 12 women is at some time a victim of a stalker. What makes these obsessive people tick and what can you do to protect yourself and your family? Texas Eyeball Killer He did not fit the profile of a serial killer. He had a master's degree, knew several languages, was a former science teacher, was charming, was in a seemingly satisfying relationship, and seemed completely at ease with having his home searched and his gun tested. He did not abuse substances. Associates who were questioned about him remained loyal, certain the police had the wrong man. He had coached football, helped with Cub Scouts, and was kind to children. He was both articulate and artistic, a cultivated man accomplished in many things from piano to bullfighting, who seemed anything but a murderer. He was generous, friendly, and helpful to people in need. The Vampire Killers Throughout the ages, some human killers have been fascinated and obsessed by the blood of their victims. Here are some of history's most notorious vampire killers and some of the most recent cases, some of which are very recent and very weird. Victim to Victimizer Young man becomes obsessed with torture and murder, idolizes Charles Manson and seeks to become a murder machine. Dr. Ramsland presents the interesting case forensics and emotional pathology. Wayne Adam Ford Young Marine suffered head injury that completely changed his behavior and pushed him into murder. Now, he has a new friend, busty GroBust spokeswoman Victoria Redstall who threatens to make him a "star" in a her documentary. Werewolf Killers Traces the long history of the belief that men could become wolves and rip apart their victims. Shocking recent cases are profiled as well as classics like Vacher the Ripper and the Monster of Florence. Psychologists debate the nature of the mental disorder responsible for werewolf killers. What Makes Serial Killers Tick? It was an urge. ... A strong urge, and the longer I let it go the stronger it got, to where I was taking risks to go out and kill people risks that normally, according to my little rules of operation, I wouldn't take because they could lead to arrest. Edmund Kemper. Where does this urge come from, and why is so powerful? If we all experienced this urge, would we be able to resist? Is it genetic, hormonal, biological, or cultural conditioning? Do serial killers have any control over their desires? We all experience rage and inappropriate sexual instincts, yet we have some sort of internal cage that keeps our inner monsters locked up. Call it morality or social programming, these internal blockades have long since been trampled down in the psychopathic killer. Not only have they let loose the monster within, they are virtual slaves to its beastly appetites. What sets them apart? William Kennedy Smith Kennedy cousin's continuous problems with women -- the whole story. Workplace Homicide The bad news is that it is increasing. A few key cases are analyzed to point to the types of workplace homicide and the reasons for it. Is there any truth to the myth of going postal? Yahweh ben Yahweh Cult Intelligent and educated, the "Black Messiah" styled himself into a religious leader who preached love and black empowerment but his followers practiced murder, intimidation and extortion. Those who joined the Yahweh ben Yahweh cult included fraternity boys, sheriff's deputies, grandmothers and ex-cons fresh out of prison. They allowed Mitchell to control every aspect of their lives, from their diet to their finances to their sexual liaisons. Follow @crimelibrary Categories Front Page Serial Killers arrow Most Notorious Sexual Predators Truly Weird Shocking Unsolved Cases Partners in Crime Killers from History All Serial Killers Gangsters arrow Mob Bosses Crime Family Epics Unique Gang Organizations Outlaws Thieves Cops Other Characters All Gangsters Terrorists Spies arrow Terrorists Spies Assassins All Terrorists Spies Notorious Murders arrow Most Famous Mass Spree Murders Angels of Death Young Killers Women Who Kill Death in the Family Celebrity Crimes Timeless Classics Not Guilty All Notorious Murders Criminal Mind arrow Criminal Psychology Criminal Profiling Forensics Investigation Sexual Assault Scams Hoaxes All Criminal Mind Photos Advertisement Most Popular Slideshow: Last Words from Death Row Update: Most outrageous bestiality cases Slideshow: Last Meals Before Execution These Houses Have Gruesome Stories Most Compelling Crime Photos Photo Gallery Mugshots from rock bottom: Women Slideshow: Pretty but deadly Stories About Serial Killers and Related Investigations from the Crime Library Most Shared Slideshow: Caught in costume These Houses Have Gruesome Stories Slideshow: Cases for zombie awareness I am a Vampire: 13 Crimes of Bloodlust Photo Gallery A field guide to prison tattoos Real-Life Crimes of The Wire Cast Photo Gallery Attack of the Clones Photo Gallery Slideshow: Dr. Kermit Gosnell and the Philadelphia abortion mill We're Following Trial of 'Country Boy' killer Cody Legebokoff Crime Library article Cody Legebokoff: Canadas Accused Country Boy Killer Luka Magnotta Crime Library article Judge Rules Canadian Psycho Must Stand Trial Serial Killer Israel Keyes Investigation Crime Library article Update: Police Release Dead Serial Killers Account of Murder of Samantha Koenig Partners in Crime HLN True Crime Report The Smoking Gun The Daily Dot Huffington Post Crime Huffington Post Weird News Business Insider LA Weekly CNN Justice The Village Voice Advertisement TM 2014 Turner Entertainment Networks, Inc. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy Home Criminal Mind Criminal Profiling The Black Dahlia Profiled by McCrary Former FBI profiler Gregg O. McCrary creates a criminal profile of the killer of Elizabeth Short, Hollywood's great unsolved murder case. Criminal Profiling, Part one This major crime-solving discipline evolved around some very high-profile crimes, usually, but not always, with success. Updated with new chapter on the mission of the Behavioral Sciences Unit today. Criminal Profiling, Part 2 As the investigating officer, where do you go from here? Come along and test your investigative skills. Dr. Robert Keppel Dr. Steven Egger Investigator, interviewer and author, he has landed interviews with some of the most well-known serial killers and is currently compiling a new book. In the future, his research could help pin down personality traits associated with serial killers. Today, it assists the police and FBI as they identify serial murders and search for killers. Exclusive Interview with Roy Hazelwood Original FBI profiler of sexual crimes and serial rapists. Updated to include information from Hazelwood's new book Dark Dreams Geographic Profiling According to former FBI profiler John Douglas, many serial killers are motivated by a "desire to create and sustain their own mythology." One of the most complicated cases along those lines, in which the geography of a series of murders seemed to play a part, was that of the Zodiac killer... Gregg O. McCrary Katherine Ramsland interviews this former FBI expert on his Sheppard case analysis and how to deal with workplace and school violence. JonBent Murder Profiled Former FBI profiler Gregg McCrary examines the complicated factors in this high-profile unsolved murder. 'Mike' DeBardeleben Profiling experts John Douglas and Roy Hazelwood and true-crime author Stephen Michaud examine the personalities of sexual sadists and serial rapists, along with the career of this particularly brutal criminal. New York City's Mad Bomber The mysterious "Mad Bomber" was terrifying the people of New York with the bombs he had been planting for 16 years. The bomber's competence made tracing the devices nearly impossible. The detectives working the case were at their wits end and ready to try anything. The increasingly powerful bombs and his incessant, arrogant letters were a huge embarrassment. Serial Killer Myths Exposed Profiler and star of I, Detective , explores and explodes 10 myths about serial killers. Predicting Dangerousness Profile of the Zodiac Killer Former FBI profiler Gregg McCrary analyzes the behavior, personality, and motives of the notorious Zodiac serial killer who has remained unidentified for decades. The man who called himself the Zodiac was organized, intelligent and meticulous. He constantly changed his method of operating and openly admitted that murder was sport for him. Clearly, the killer wanted credit for them. Robert Ressler Katherine Ramsland interviews one of the most famous pioneers of the FBI's Behavioral Sciences Unit who actually coined the term "serial killer." He talks about his experiences on major cases, including Jeffrey Dahmer, John Wayne Gacy, Arthur Shawcross and William Heirens, the "Lipstick Killer." Serial Killer Art Whether created out of boredom, therapy, or greed, violent offenders find a ready market for their drawings, paintings, poetry & song. Serial Murder: Future Implications for Police Investigations by Dr. Robert Keppel An excerpt Victimology Understanding the victim can find the killer Stewart Wilken South African serial killer is unusual in choosing both female prostitutes and adolescent boys as victims. Follow @crimelibrary Categories Front Page Serial Killers arrow Most Notorious Sexual Predators Truly Weird Shocking Unsolved Cases Partners in Crime Killers from History All Serial Killers Gangsters arrow Mob Bosses Crime Family Epics Unique Gang Organizations Outlaws Thieves Cops Other Characters All Gangsters Terrorists Spies arrow Terrorists Spies Assassins All Terrorists Spies Notorious Murders arrow Most Famous Mass Spree Murders Angels of Death Young Killers Women Who Kill Death in the Family Celebrity Crimes Timeless Classics Not Guilty All Notorious Murders Criminal Mind arrow Criminal Psychology Criminal Profiling Forensics Investigation Sexual Assault Scams Hoaxes All Criminal Mind Photos Advertisement Most Popular Slideshow: Last Words from Death Row Update: Most outrageous bestiality cases Slideshow: Last Meals Before Execution These Houses Have Gruesome Stories Most Compelling Crime Photos Photo Gallery Mugshots from rock bottom: Women Slideshow: Pretty but deadly Stories About Serial Killers and Related Investigations from the Crime Library Most Shared Slideshow: Caught in costume These Houses Have Gruesome Stories Slideshow: Cases for zombie awareness I am a Vampire: 13 Crimes of Bloodlust Photo Gallery A field guide to prison tattoos Real-Life Crimes of The Wire Cast Photo Gallery Attack of the Clones Photo Gallery Slideshow: Dr. Kermit Gosnell and the Philadelphia abortion mill We're Following Trial of 'Country Boy' killer Cody Legebokoff Crime Library article Cody Legebokoff: Canadas Accused Country Boy Killer Luka Magnotta Crime Library article Judge Rules Canadian Psycho Must Stand Trial Serial Killer Israel Keyes Investigation Crime Library article Update: Police Release Dead Serial Killers Account of Murder of Samantha Koenig Partners in Crime HLN True Crime Report The Smoking Gun The Daily Dot Huffington Post Crime Huffington Post Weird News Business Insider LA Weekly CNN Justice The Village Voice Advertisement TM 2014 Turner Entertainment Networks, Inc. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy Crime prevention through environmental design From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia navigation ,       search This article has been nominated to be checked for its neutrality . Discussion of this nomination can be found on the talk page . (January 2013) Criminology penology Theory Anomie Biosocial criminology Broken windows theory Criminal triad theory Differential association Deviance Labeling theory Psychopathy Rational choice theory Social control theory Social disorganization theory Social learning theory Strain theory Subcultural theory Symbolic interactionism Victimology Types of crime Blue-collar Corporate Juvenile Organized Political Public-order State State-corporate Victimless White-collar War crime Against humanity Penology Deterrence Prison Prison reform Prisoner abuse Prisoners' rights Rehabilitation Recidivism Restorative justice Retributive justice Incapacitation Penal harm v t e Crime prevention through environmental design ( CPTED ) is a multi-disciplinary approach to deterring criminal behavior through environmental design . CPTED strategies rely upon the ability to influence offender decisions that precede criminal acts. Generally speaking, most implementations of CPTED occur solely within the urbanized, built environment . Specifically altering the physical design of the communities in which humans reside and congregate in order to deter criminal activity is the main goal of CPTED. CPTED principles of design affect elements of the built environment ranging from the small-scale (such as the strategic use of shrubbery and other vegetation) to the overarching, including building form of an entire urban neighbourhood and the amount of opportunity for "eyes on the street". Contents 1 History 1.1 1960s 1.2 1970s 1.3 1980s 1.4 1990s 1.5 2000s 2 Strategies for the built environment 2.1 Natural surveillance 2.2 Natural access control 2.3 Natural territorial reinforcement 2.4 Other CPTED Elements 2.4.1 Maintenance 2.4.2 Activity Support 3 Effectiveness and criticism 4 Parnaby (2006) 5 Four obstacles to adopting CPTED 6 See also 7 Notes 8 References 9 External links History [ edit ] CPTED was originally coined and formulated by criminologist C. Ray Jeffery. A more limited approach, termed defensible space , was developed concurrently by architect Oscar Newman. Both men built on the previous work of Elizabeth Wood , Jane Jacobs and Schlomo Angel. Jeffery's book, "Crime Prevention Through Environmental Design" came out in 1971, but his work was ignored throughout the 1970s. Newman's book, "Defensible Space: - Crime Prevention through Urban Design " came out in 1972. His principles were widely adopted but with mixed success. The defensible space approach was subsequently revised with additional built environment approaches supported by CPTED. Newman represented this as CPTED and credited Jeffery as the originator of the CPTED term. Newman's CPTED-improved defensible space approach enjoyed broader success and resulted in a reexamination of Jeffery's work. Jeffery continued to expand the multi-disciplinary aspects of the approach, advances which he published, with the last one published in 1990. The Jeffery CPTED model is more comprehensive than the Newman CPTED model, which limits itself to the built environment. Later models of CPTED were developed based on the Newman Model, with Crowe's being the most popular. As of 2004 [update] , CPTED is popularly understood to refer strictly to the Newman/Crowe type models, with the Jeffery model treated more as multi-disciplinary approach to crime prevention which incorporates biology and psychology, a situation accepted even by Jeffery himself. (Robinson, 1996). A revision of CPTED, initiated in 1997, termed 2nd Generation CPTED, adapts CPTED to offender individuality, further indication that Jeffery's work is not popularly considered to be already a part of CPTED. 1960s [ edit ] In the 1960s Elizabeth Wood developed guidelines for addressing security issues while working with the Chicago Housing Authority , placing emphasis on design features that would support natural surveillability. Her guidelines were never implemented but stimulated some of the original thinking that led to CPTED. Jane Jacobs' book, The Death and Life of Great American Cities (1961) argued that urban diversity and vitality were being destroyed by urban planners and their urban renewal strategies. She was challenging the basic tenets of urban planning of the time: that neighborhoods should be isolated from each other; that an empty street is safer than a crowded one; and that the car represents progress over the pedestrian . An editor for Architectural Forum magazine (1952â1964), she had no formal training in urban planning, but her work emerged as a founding text for a new way of seeing cities. She felt that the way cities were being designed and built meant that the general public would be unable to develop the social framework needed for effective self-policing. She pointed out that the new forms of urban design broke down many of the traditional controls on criminal behavior, for example, the ability of residents to watch the street and the presence of people using the street both night and day. She suggested that the lack of "natural guardianship" in the environment promoted crime . Jacobs developed the concept that crime flourishes when people do not meaningfully interact with their neighbors. In Death and Life , Jacobs listed the three attributes needed to make a city street safe: a clear demarcation of private and public space ; diversity of use; and a high level of pedestrian use of the sidewalks . Schlomo Angel was an early pioneer of CPTED and studied under noted planner Christopher Alexander . Angel's Ph.D. thesis, Discouraging Crime Through City Planning , (1968) was a study of street crime in Oakland , CA. In it he states "The physical environment can exert a direct influence on crime settings by delineating territories, reducing or increasing accessibility by the creation or elimination of boundaries and circulation networks, and by facilitating surveillance by the citizenry and the police ." He asserted that crime was inversely related to the level of activity on the street, and that the commercial strip environment was particularly vulnerable to crime because it thinned out activity, making it easier for individuals to commit street crime. Angel developed and published CPTED concepts in 1970 in work supported and widely distributed by the United States Department of Justice (Luedtke, 1970). 1970s [ edit ] The phrase crime prevention through environmental design (CPTED) was first used by C. Ray Jeffery, a criminologist from Florida State University . The phrase began to gain acceptance after the publication of his 1971 book of the same name. Jeffery's work was based on the precepts of experimental psychology represented in modern learning theory . (Jeffery and Zahm, 1993:329) Jeffery's CPTED concept arose out of his experiences with a rehabilitative project in Washington, D.C. that attempted to control the school environment of juveniles in the area. Rooted deeply in the psychological learning theory of B.F. Skinner , Jeffery's CPTED approach emphasized the role of the physical environment in the development of pleasurable and painful experiences for the offender that would have the capacity to alter behavioral outcomes. His original CPTED model was a stimulus-response (S-R) model positing that the organism learned from punishments and reinforcements in the environment. Jeffery "emphasized material rewards . . . and the use of the physical environment to control behavior" (Jeffery and Zahm, 1993:330). The major idea here was that by removing the reinforcements for crime, it would not occur. (Robinson, 1996) An often overlooked contribution of Jeffery in his 1971 book is outlining four critical factors in crime prevention that have stood the test of time. These are the degrees to which one can manipulate the opportunity for a crime to occur, the motivation for the crime to occur, the risk to the offender if the crime occurs, and the history of the offender who might consider committing the crime. The first three of these are within the control of the potential victim while the last is not. For reasons that have received little attention, Jeffery's work was ignored throughout the 1970s. Jeffrey's own explanation is that, at a time when the world wanted prescriptive design solutions, his work presented a comprehensive theory and used it to identify a wide range of crime prevention functions that should drive design and management standards. Concurrent with Jeffery's largely theoretical work was Oscar Newman and George Rand's empirical study of the crime-environment connection conducted in the early 1970s. As an architect, Newman placed emphasis on the specific design features, an emphasis missing in Jeffery's work. Newman's "Defensible Space - Crime Prevention through Urban Design (1972) includes extensive discussion of crime related to the physical form of housing based on crime data analysis from New York City public housing. "Defensible Space" changed the nature of the crime prevention and environmental design field and within two years of its publication substantial federal funding was made available to demonstrate and study defensible space concepts. As established by Newman, defensible space must contain two components. First, defensible space should allow people to see and be seen continuously. Ultimately, this diminishes residents fear because they know that a potential offender can easily be observed, identified, and consequently, apprehended. Second, people must be willing to intervene or report crime when it occurs. By increasing the sense of security in settings where people live and work, it encourages people to take control of the areas and assume a role of ownership. When people feel safe in their neighborhood they are more likely to interact with one another and intervene when crime occurs. These remain central to most implementations of CPTED as of 2004 [update] . In 1977, Jeffery's second edition of Crime Prevention Through Environmental Design expanded his theoretical approach to embrace a more complex model of behavior in which variable physical environments, offender behavior as individuals and behavior of individual members of the general public have reciprocal influences on one another. This laid the foundation for Jeffery to develop a behavioral model aimed at predicting the effects of modifying both the external environment and the internal environment of individual offenders. 1980s [ edit ] By the 1980s, the defensible space prescriptions of the 1970s were determined to have mixed effectiveness. They worked best in residential settings, especially in settings where the residents were relatively free to respond to cues to increase social interaction. Defensible space design tools were observed to be marginally effective in institutional and commercial settings. As a result, Newman and others moved to improve defensible space, adding CPTED based features. They also deemphasised less effective aspects of defensible space. Contributions to the advance of CPTED in the 1980s included: The " broken windows " theory, put forth by James Q. Wilson and George L. Kelling in 1982, explored the impact that visible deterioration and neglect in neighborhoods have on behavior. Property maintenance was added as a CPTED strategy on par with surveillance, access control and territoriality. The Broken Windows theory may go hand in hand with CPTED. Crime is attracted to the areas that are not taken care of or abandoned. CPTED adds a pride of ownership feeling to the community. With no more "broken windows" in certain neighborhoods, crime will continue to decline and eventually fall out completely. Canadian academicians Patricia and Paul Brantingham published Environmental Criminology in 1981. According to the authors, a crime takes place when all of the essential elements are present. These elements consist of: a law, an offender, a target, and a place. They characterize these as "the four dimensions of crime", with environmental criminology studying the last of the four dimensions. British criminologists Ronald Clark and Patricia Mayhew developed their "situational crime prevention" approach: reducing opportunity to offend by improving design and management of the environment. Criminologist Timothy Crowe developed his CPTED training programs. 1990s [ edit ] Criminology: An Interdisciplinary Approach (1990), was Jeffery's final contribution to CPTED. The Jeffery CPTED model evolved to one which assumes that The environment never influences behavior directly, but only through the brain. Any model of crime prevention must include both the brain and the physical environment. ... Because the approach contained in Jeffery's CPTED model is today based on many fields, including scientific knowledge of modern brain sciences, a focus on only external environmental crime prevention is inadequate as it ignores another entire dimension of CPTED -- i.e., the internal environment. (Robinson, 1996) Crime Prevention Through Environmental Design (1991) by criminologist Tim Crowe provided a solid base for CPTED to move forward into the rest of the 1990s. From 1994 through 2002, Sparta Consulting Corporation led by Severin Sorensen, CPP managed the US Government's largest CPTED technical assistance and training program titled Crime Prevention Through Environmental Design (CPTED) in Public Housing Technical Assistance and Training Program, funded by the US Department of Housing and Urban Development. During this period Sorensen worked with Ronald V. Clarke and the Sparta team to develop a new CPTED Curriculum that used Situational Crime Prevention as an underlying theoretical basis for CPTED measures. A curriculum was developed and trained to stakeholders in public and assisted housing, and follow-up CPTED assessments were conducted at various sites. The Sparta led CPTED projects showed statistical reductions in self reported FBI UCR Part I crimes between 17% to 76% depending on the basket of CPTED measures employed in specific high crime, low income settings in the United States. In 1996, Oscar Newman published an update to his earlier CPTED works, titled, Creating Defensible Space, Institute for Community Design Analysis, Office of Planning and Development Research (PDR), US Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD). In 1997, an article by Greg Saville and Gerry Cleveland, 2nd Generation CPTED, exhorted CPTED practitioners to consider the original social ecology origins of CPTED, including social and psychological issues beyond the built environment. 2000s [ edit ] As of 2004 [update] , elements of the CPTED approach have gained wide international acceptance due to law enforcement attempts to embrace it. The CPTED term "environment" is commonly used to refer to the external environment of the place. Jeffrey's intention that CPTED also embrace the internal environment of the offender seems to have been lost, even on those promoting the expansion of CPTED to include social ecology and psychology under the banner of 2nd Generation CPTED. Strategies for the built environment [ edit ] CPTED strategies rely upon the ability to influence offender decisions that precede criminal acts. Research into criminal behavior shows that the decision to offend or not to offend is more influenced by cues to the perceived risk of being caught than by cues to reward or ease of entry. Certainty of being caught is the main deterrence for criminals not the severity of the punishment so by raising the certainty of being captured, criminal actions will decrease. Consistent with this research, CPTED based strategies emphasise enhancing the perceived risk of detection and apprehension. Consistent with the widespread implementation of defensible space guidelines in the 1970s, most implementations of CPTED as of 2004 [update] are based solely upon the theory that the proper design and effective use of the built environment can reduce crime, reduce the fear of crime, and improve the quality of life. Built environment implementations of CPTED seek to dissuade offenders from committing crimes by manipulating the built environment in which those crimes proceed from or occur. The six main concepts according to Moffat are territoriality, surveillance, access control, image/maintenance, activity support and target hardening. Applying all of these strategies is key when trying to prevent crime in any neighborhood crime ridden or not. Natural surveillance and access control strategies limit the opportunity for crime. Territorial reinforcement promotes social control through a variety of measures.Image/maintenance and activity support provide the community with reassurance and the ability to stop crime by themselves. Target hardening strategies round up all of these techniques to resolve crime into one final step. Natural surveillance [ edit ] Natural surveillance increases the threat of apprehension by taking steps to increase the perception that people can be seen. Natural surveillance occurs by designing the placement of physical features, activities and people in such a way as to maximize visibility and foster positive social interaction among legitimate users of private and public space . Potential offenders feel increased scrutiny and limitations on their escape routes. Design streets to increase pedestrian and bicycle traffic Place windows overlooking sidewalks and parking lots. Leave window shades open. Use passing vehicular traffic as a surveillance asset. Create landscape designs that provide surveillance, especially in proximity to designated points of entry and opportunistic points of entry. Use the shortest, least sight-limiting fence appropriate for the situation. Use transparent weather vestibules at building entrances. When creating lighting design , avoid poorly placed lights that create blind-spots for potential observers and miss critical areas. Ensure potential problem areas are well lit: pathways, stairs, entrances/exits, parking areas, ATMs, phone kiosks, mailboxes, bus stops, children's play areas, recreation areas, pools, laundry rooms, storage areas, dumpster and recycling areas, etc. Avoid too-bright security lighting that creates blinding glare and/or deep shadows, hindering the view for potential observers. Eyes adapt to night lighting and have trouble adjusting to severe lighting disparities. Using lower intensity lights often requires more fixtures. Use shielded or cut-off luminaires to control glare. Place lighting along pathways and other pedestrian-use areas at proper heights for lighting the faces of the people in the space (and to identify the faces of potential attackers). Utilizing curved streets with multiple view points to multiple houses entrances as well as making the escape route difficult to follow. Natural surveillance measures can be complemented by mechanical and organizational measures. For example, closed-circuit television (CCTV) cameras can be added in areas where window surveillance is unavailable. Natural access control [ edit ] Natural access control limits the opportunity for crime by taking steps to clearly differentiate between public space and private space. By selectively placing entrances and exits, fencing, lighting and landscape to limit access or control flow, natural access control occurs. Use a single, clearly identifiable, point of entry Use structures to divert persons to reception areas Incorporate maze entrances in public restrooms . This avoids the isolation that is produced by an anteroom or double door entry system Use low, thorny bushes beneath ground level windows. Use rambling or climbing thorny plants next to fences to discourage intrusion. Eliminate design features that provide access to roofs or upper levels In the front yard, use waist-level, picket-type fencing along residential property lines to control access, encourage surveillance. Use a locking gate between front and backyards. Use shoulder-level, open-type fencing along lateral residential property lines between side yards and extending to between back yards. They should be sufficiently unencumbered with landscaping to promote social interaction between neighbors. Use substantial, high, closed fencing (for example, masonry) between a backyard and a public alley instead of a wall which blocks the view from all angles. Natural access control is used to complement mechanical and operational access control measures, such as target hardening . Natural territorial reinforcement [ edit ] Territorial reinforcement promotes social control through increased definition of space and improved proprietary concern. An environment designed to clearly delineate private space does two things. First, it creates a sense of ownership. Owners have a vested interest and are more likely to challenge intruders or report them to the police. Second, the sense of owned space creates an environment where "strangers" or "intruders" stand out and are more easily identified. By using buildings, fences, pavement, signs, lighting and landscape to express ownership and define public, semi-public and private space, natural territorial reinforcement occurs. Additionally, these objectives can be achieved by assignment of space to designated users in previously unassigned locations. Maintained premises and landscaping such that it communicates an alert and active presence occupying the space. Provide trees in residential areas. Research results indicate that, contrary to traditional views within the law enforcement community, outdoor residential spaces with more trees are seen as significantly more attractive, more safe, and more likely to be used than similar spaces without trees. Restrict private activities to defined private areas. Display security system signage at access points. Avoid cyclone fencing and razor-wire fence topping, as it communicates the absence of a physical presence and a reduced risk of being detected. Placing amenities such as seating or refreshments in common areas in a commercial or institutional setting helps to attract larger numbers of desired users. Scheduling activities in common areas increases proper use, attracts more people and increases the perception that these areas are controlled. Motion sensor lights at all entry points into the residence. Territorial reinforcement measures make the normal user feel safe and make the potential offender aware of a substantial risk of apprehension or scrutiny. When people take pride in what they own and go to the proper measures to protect their belongings, crime is deterred from those areas because now it makes it more of a challenge. Criminals don't want their job to be hard, if it was hard they wouldn't do it. The more difficult it is to commit a crime in certain areas, the less crime will occur. Other CPTED Elements [ edit ] Maintenance and activity support aspects of CPTED were touched upon in the preceding, but are often treated separately because they are not physical design elements within the built environment. Maintenance [ edit ] Maintenance is an expression of ownership of property. Deterioration indicates less control by the intended users of a site and indicate a greater tolerance of disorder. The Broken Windows Theory is a valuable tool in understanding the importance of maintenance in deterring crime. Broken Windows theory proponents support a zero tolerance approach to property maintenance, observing that the presence of a broken window will entice vandals to break more windows in the vicinity. The sooner broken windows are fixed, the less likely it is that such vandalism will occur in the future. Vandalism falls into the broken windows category as well. The faster the graffiti is painted over, the less likely one is to repeat because no one saw what has been done. Having a positive image in the community shows a sense of pride and self-worth that no one can take away from the owner of the property. Activity Support [ edit ] Activity support increases the use of a built environment for safe activities with the intent of increasing the risk of detection of criminal and undesirable activities. Natural surveillance by the intended users is casual and there is no specific plan for people to watch out for criminal activity. By placing signs such as caution children playing and signs for certain activities in the area, the citizens of that area will be more involved in what is happening around them. They will be more tuned into to who is and who isn't supposed to be there and what looks suspicious on a day to day life. Effectiveness and criticism [ edit ] CPTED strategies are most successful when they inconvenience the end user the least and when the CPTED design process relies upon the combined efforts of environmental designers , land managers, community activists, and law enforcement professionals. The strategies listed above can't be fulfilled without the community's help and it requires the whole community in the location to make the environment a safer place to live. A meta-analysis of multiple-component CPTED initiatives in the United States has found that they have decreased robberies between 30 and 84% (Casteel and Peek-Asa, 2000). [ 1 ] [ 2 ] In terms of effectiveness, a more accurate title for the strategy would be crime deterrence through environmental design. Research demonstrates that offenders cannot be literally prevented from committing crimes by using CPTED. CPTED relies upon changes to the physical environment that will cause an offender to make certain behavioral decisions. Those changes are crafted so as to encourage behavior, and thus they deter rather than conclusively "prevent" behavior. Beyond the attraction of being cost effective in lowering the incidence of crime, CPTED typically reduces the overall costs of preventing crime. Retrofitting an existing environment to meet CPTED can sometimes be costly, but when incorporated in the original design phase of facility planning, cost of designing to CPTED principles are often lower than with traditional approaches. Operational costs are often lower also, as CPTED lighting designs can significantly lower energy use. Adding to the attraction of CPTED is that it lowers liability. At times the entire street style must be changed and buildings have to be up to code with more windows and changing their view and access points to other areas around the building like the parking lot or store front. Not all of these strategies are going to stop criminals from doing what they do best. Those criminals who are under the influence of drugs or alcohol will not even notice the environment that surrounds them while they are committing crimes. Surveillance, a fence, and houses facing towards other houses' front doors would not cross the criminals mind at all if under the influence of any substance. Not all spaces can be made defensible as well. The social conditions and physical aspects of the area may not allow for these CPTED strategies to exist in certain places. Atlas says that if we can make houses and neighborhoods defensible then criminals such as drug dealers can make their house offensible and then carrying out such crimes will be even easier (Atlas 1991). Parnaby (2006) [ edit ] A Canadian study of CPTED, where 25 individuals where interviewed considered to be professional practitioners and supporters of the CPTED model. Many of those who receive CPTED accreditation are ex-police officers or employed in the private security sector. The analysis by Parnaby questions the guiding principles of CPTED, implying that the assumptions are somewhat simplistic. Parnabyâs research uncovered that CPTED professionals were constantly influenced by the notion of âforeseeable dangerâ, suggesting that if an area had an unsafe environment or identifiable flaws that went unfixed, the result would inevitably lead to some form of criminal activity. Firstly, CPTED professionals see the causes of crime one-dimensional because of the use of language such as certainty as opposed to probability when predicting crime, which results in crime being caused by poorly designed environments. Such methods could lead to other programs being overlooked. Secondly, thinking this way separates people into two groups: responsible citizens and criminals. The separation of â people and â people, according to Parnaby, is probably established on social stereotypes based on what people think about race, socioeconomic status, and gender, not accurately defining who or what is the legitimate threat. As a result, it becomes an exclusion of certain types of people from certain neighborhoods. Finally, Parnaby addresses the ways in which CPTED professionals rope their clients into becoming willing participants. They made is seem that risk management was an individualâs moral, ethical, and civic responsibility. The problem here is that it became the view that governments did not have the resources available to manage risk of crime completely, claiming that personal safety is also an individualâs responsibility. Therefore, this approach can lead to vigilantism. [ 3 ] Four obstacles to adopting CPTED [ edit ] This section possibly contains original research . Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations . Statements consisting only of original research may be removed. (September 2010) There are four primary obstacles to the adoption of CPTED. First is a lack of knowledge of CPTED by environmental designers, land managers, and individual community members. For this reason, allocating substantial resources to community educational programs are often required. Since the idea is still new and no one really knows if the changing of the environment actually stops crime, people are reluctant to have their funds support this un-tested theory. The second major obstacle is resistance to change. Many specifically resist the type of cooperative planning that is required to use CPTED. Beyond that, skeptics reject the research and historic precedents that support the validity of CPTED concepts. The third obstacle is the perception that CPTED claims to be a panacea for crime that will be used to displace other more traditional approaches rather than a small, but important, complementary tool in deterring offender behavior. The fourth obstacle is that many existing built areas were not designed with CPTED in mind, and modification would be expensive, politically difficult, or require significant changes in some areas of the existing built environment. See also [ edit ] Natural surveillance Copenhagenization Notes [ edit ] ^ Casteel, Carri and Corinne Peek-Asa. 2000. âEffectiveness of crime prevention through environmental design (CPTED) in reducing robberies.â? American Journal of Preventive Medicine 18(4S): 99-115. ^ Morrison, A. 2007. Alternate View Paper Violence and Crime in Latin America, World Bank Solution Paper. " [1] " ^ # O'Grady, W. (2011). Crime in Canadian Context: Debates and Controversies. (2nd ed.) ON: Oxford University Press. References [ edit ] Angel, Schlomo. (1968). Discouraging Crime Through City Planning . (Paper No. 75). Berkeley, CA: Center for Planning and Development Research, University of California at Berkeley. Atlas, Randall (Ed). (2008). 21st Century Security and CPTED: Designing for Critical Infrastructure Protection and Crime Prevention, CRC Press, Taylor Francis Ltd. Atlas, R. (1991), "The other side of defensible space", security Management, March, pp.6 Crowe, Tim. (2000). Crime Prevention Through Environmental Design . 2nd edition. Boston: Butterworth - Heinman. ISBN 0-7506-7198-X Jacobs, Jane . (1961). The Death and Life of Great American Cities . New York: Random House. ISBN 0-679-60047-7 Jeffery, C. Ray. (1971). Crime Prevention Through Environmental Design . Beverly Hills, CA: Sage Publications. Jeffery, C. Ray. (1977). Crime Prevention Through Environmental Design . Beverly Hills, CA: Sage Publications. Jeffery, C. Ray. (1990). Criminology: An Interdisciplinary Approach . Englewood Cliffs, NJ: Prentice-Hall. Luedtke, Gerald and Associates. (1970). Crime and the Physical City: Neighborhood Design Techniques for Crime Reduction . Washington D.C.: U.S. Department of Justice. Moffat, R. (1983), "Crime prevention through environmental design - a management perspective", Canadian Journal of Criminology, Vol. 25 No. 4, pp.31. Newman, Oscar. (1972). Defensible Space: Crime Prevention Through Urban Design . New York: Macmillan. ISBN 0-02-000750-7 Newman, Oscar. (1996). ] http://www.huduser.org/publications/pdf/def.pdf Creating Defensible Space], Institute for Community Design Analysis, Office of Planning and Development Research (PDR), US Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD), Washington, DC. O'Grady, W. (2011). Crime in Canadian Context: Debates and Controversies. (2nd ed.) ON: Oxford University Press. Robinson, Matthew B. (1996). " The Theoretical Development of 'CPTED' : 25 Years of Responses to C. Ray Jeffery". Appears in: Advances in Criminological Theory, Vol. 8. Url last accessed on May 6, 2006. Saskatoon,City of (2010). Safe Growth and CPTED in Saskatoon. Available online at http://www.saskatoon.ca/DEPARTMENTS/Community%20Services/PlanningDevelopment/Documents/Neighbourhood%20Planning/Neighbourhood%20Safety/CPTED%20Guidelines_WEB.pdf . Sorensen, Severin; Hayes, John G; Walsh Ellen W, and Marina Myhre, (1995, 1997, 1998, 2000 editions) Crime Prevention Through Environmental Design (CPTED):Workbook, (U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, Community Safety and Conservation Division; Washington, DC). Wood, Elizabeth. (1961). Housing Design: A Social Theory . New York: Citizens' Housing and Planning Counsel of New York. Wood, Elizabeth. (1967). Social Aspects of Housing in Urban Development . ST/SOA/71, Department of Economic and Social Affairs, United Nations, New York. External links [ edit ] International CPTED Association European Designing Out Crime Association Stichting Veilig Ontwerp en Beheer (the Netherlands) California Designing Out Crime Association Crime prevention and the built environment . Washington State University CPTED Annotated Bibliography . Url last accessed May 6, 2006. Oscar Newman, Creating Defensible Space (pdf) (Washington, D.C.: U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, Office of Policy Development and Research, 1996). Url last accessed May 6, 2006. CPTED LinkedIn Discussion Group SmartCode Module on CPTED Secured by Design (UK) http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Crime_prevention_through_environmental_designoldid=592063323 "     Categories : Criminology Environmental psychology Security engineering Crime prevention Urban design Hidden categories: Articles needing POV-check from January 2013 Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2004 All articles containing potentially dated statements Articles that may contain original research from September 2010 All articles that may contain original research Navigation menu Personal tools Create account Log in Namespaces Article Talk Variants Views Read Edit View history Actions Search Navigation Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikimedia Shop Interaction Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Data item Cite this page Print/export Create a book Download as PDF Printable version Languages FranĂ§ais í´ Italiano Nederlands PortuguĂŞs Svenska Edit links This page was last modified on 23 January 2014 at 19:29. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. , a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Developers Mobile view M & A Crime-Pics II Home About us More about CRIME-PICS II Publications CRIAQ questionnaire Ordering and prices Contact us Download tool Crime-Pics II Crime-Pics II are available here News download v1.1 here Crime-Pics II new tool available to download Australian & New Zealand journal of criminology CRIAQ here Contact Email For purchase and general enquiries: ma.research@yahoo.co.uk (Mrs J. Whitley) For enquiries about the use of CRIME-PICS II: terryhoness@yahoo.co.uk (Professor T.M. Honess) Post Mrs J Whitley Tel/Fax Epidemiological Criminology The Virtual Center for Epidemiological Criminology (VCEC) Home About Us Contact Us Our Team News & Links Executive Board Research Opportunities Recent Publications Photo Gallery Courses on EpiCrim Our Sponsors Upcoming Events Organizations Human Trafficking Study Media Global Internet Traffic Videos Introduction and overview         Interview On Human Trafficking Please check out the new "video" section for a interview with Mark Lanier on human trafficking.  Welcome to EpiCrim! Welcome to The Virtual Center for Epidemiological Criminology (VCEC).  The site is still being developed so bear with us!  Basically what Epidemiological Criminology or "EpiCrim", is trying to achieve is integration between public health and criminal justice.  Most, if not all, of the problems facing society can be subsumed under these domains.  Explicit and reciprocal linkages between the two holds great promise for societal problem solving.  The VCEC seeks to provide funding and research opportunities for young faculty and students who are interested in helping solve societal problems.  Epidemiological Criminology has already garnered considerable academic and policy interest.  Please browse the website and make any suggestions for improvement.  Brandon Ferweda at UCF is responsible for maintaining the site.  VCECŠ2006 Create a Free Website Skip to main content / Passer au contenu principal Skip to footer / Passer au pied de page Welcome / Bienvenue Correctional Service Canada Service correctionnel Canada Language selection links / Liens de sĂŠlection de langue English FranĂ§ais Footer / Pied de page Terms and conditions Avis Home Page Australian Institute of Criminology Skip to content AIC home Contact us Subscribe RSS feed Home About the AIC Crime types Crime and the community Criminal justice system JV Barry library Events Publications Media - Briefing room Statistics Welcome to the Australian Institute of Criminology The Australian Institute of Criminology is Australia's national research and knowledge centre on crime and justice. We seek to promote justice and reduce crime by undertaking and communicating evidence-based research to inform policy and practice. Latest publications Experiences of exploitation and human trafficking among a sample of Indonesian migrant domestic workers The International Organization for Migration (IOM) Indonesia Counter Trafficking Module (CTM) database holds information relating to 3701 trafficked Indonesians between January 2005 and January 2010. The AIC analysed this data about experiences of Indonesian trafficking exploited as domestic workers in Malaysia, as well as risk factors contributing to their exploitation. Effective drink driving prevention and enforcement strategies: Approaches to improving practice Drink driving is a significant problem in Australia, with 58 percent of the population engaging in this behaviour. Of those, 72 percent do it more than once. Drink driving and the resultant road accidents and fatalities are estimated to cost the community approximately $2.6 million per fatality incident and $266,000 per incident requiring hospitalisation, as measured in 2006. Restorative justice in the Australian criminal justice system The Australian Institute of Criminology today released a new study Restorative justice in the Australian criminal justice system which allows a longitudinal comparison with similar research prepared by the AIC in 2002. Restorative justice is important because it allows the victim into the criminal justice process and can lead to conflicts being resolved and fears being decreased. Help-seeking strategies of victim/survivors of human trafficking involving partner migration The Australian Institute of Criminology has released a report into women who were trafficked, tricked and trapped into servitude, or slavery, through the partner migration process. Armed robbery in Australia 2009â10: National Armed Robbery Monitoring Program Report no. 22 The Australian Institute of Criminology has released the National Armed Robbery Monitoring Program (NARMP) report covering calendar years 2009-10 Nationally, armed robbery continues to decrease. In 2003, the rate of armed robbery victimisation was 33 persons per 100,000, whereas the rate was calculated at 18 persons per 100,000 in 2010. In raw figures, victim numbers fell from 8,865 in 2003 to 5,713 in 2010 - a 36 percent decrease. The number of incidents in which these victims were involved has also decreased over time, with a 24 percent decrease from 6,640 robberies in 2006 to a low of 5,022 in 2010. Profiling parental child sex abuse The Australian Institute of Criminology has released Profiling parental child sex abuse drawing on clinical records of 213 parents who committed sex offences with their children. Because few sex offenders are caught, and there is a lack of specific data on parental child sex offenders, this paper provides insight into this offender cohort and helps inform clinical interventions. CrimBrief The Official Blog of the AIC AIC celebrates the JV Barry Librarys 40th Birthday CrimBrief, the AICs new news-blog covers the 40th anniversary of the opening of the JV Barry Library. Have you been the victim of a scam, received scam invitations or want to help research about scams? Do you live in Australia or New Zealand? Then spend ten minutes completing the Australian Institute of Criminologyâs ACFT Scam Survey! Each year the Australasian Consumer Fraud Taskforce (ACFT) gathers information on scams to help improve the prevention, detection, investigation and prosecution of scam offenders. To assist in gathering that information the Australian Institute of Criminology, a taskforce member, runs an online survey each year. Participation in the survey is voluntary and anonymous, and you only need to complete the survey once. All responses are treated in confidence. The survey and further information can be found on this page: Australasian Consumer Fraud Taskforce Survey 2014 The survey will be available to completed after 1 January 2014 and will be open till the 31 March 2014 . Events Homicide: Precursors and Prevention 24 25 March 2014, Royal on the Park Hotel, Brisbane Crime Prevention and Communities: Building Better Local Solutions The Australian Institute of Criminology and the Victorian Department of Justice are hosting Australias 2nd major Crime Prevention and Communities conference, in collaboration with Victoria Police. This important conference, Building Better Local Solutions , will inform local government, urban planners, policy makers, police, criminologists, non-government community organisations, researchers and students AIC IN FOCUS Child sexual abuse Crime prevention Cybercrime Indigenous justice Juvenile justice Trafficking in persons CrimBrief The Official Blog of the AIC AIC celebrates the JV Barry Libraryâs 40th Birthday Follow us twitter facebook LinkedIn CriminologyTV flickr RSS Mailling lists Email alerts InformationÂ service australia.gov.au Last modified 24 February, 2014 Australian Institute of Criminology 70th Annual Meeting, November 19-22, 2014 in San Francisco, CA THEME: Criminology at the Intersections of Oppression Click here for more information. 2014 Election Slate Announcements Awards Budget 2014 Committees Current Officers History of ASC Resources Affiliated Sites and Links Pay Your ASC Invoice Online The American Society of Criminology is an international organization whose members pursue scholarly, scientific, and professional knowledge concerning the measurement, etiology, consequences, prevention, control, and treatment of crime and delinquency. Learn More CLICK HERE TO JOIN ASC OR RENEW YOUR ASC MEMBERSHIP Designed by Navigation Home Membership Conference Whos Who Postgraduates Regional Groups Networks Publications Prizes Research Jobs Contact Members Area Homepage Â  Welcome to the website of the British Society of Criminology. https://twitter.com/BritSocCrim . Â  Â  Â  Â  Copyright 2014 - The British Society of Criminology. The UK's Major Criminological Society Telephone 07896 347183. The BSC is a company limited by guarantee, no: 3515512 and a registered charity, no: 1073154. Cookie Policy The ( WCR WCR The goal of WCR Co-editors Christine Curtis San Diego State University San Diego State University EditorWCR@gmail.com Home | Current Issue | Past Issues | Copyright | Review Submission | Search | Registration | Staff | Links Inquiries | Help 1998 2013, Western Criminology Review. ISSN 1096-4886 About the Journal Instructions to Authors ( PDF format ) Subscription Form ( PDF format ) Current Issue Volume 56, No 1, January Contents | Abstracts 2013 Volume 55, No 4, October Contents | Abstracts Volume 55, No 3, July Contents | Abstracts Volume 55, No 2, April Contents | Abstracts Volume 55, No 1, January Contents | Abstracts 2012 Volume 54, No 4, October Contents | Abstracts Volume 54, No 3, July Contents | Abstracts Volume 54, No 2, April Contents | Abstracts Volume 54, No 1, January Contents | Abstracts 2011 Volume 53, No 4, October Contents | Abstracts Volume 53, No 3, July Contents | Abstracts Volume 53, No 2, April Contents | Abstracts Volume 53, No 1, January Contents | Abstracts 2010 Volume 52, No 5, October Contents | Abstracts Volume 52, No 4, July Contents | Abstracts Volume 52, No 3, June (Special Issue) Contents | Abstracts Volume 52, No 2, April Contents | Abstracts Volume 52, No 1, January Contents | Abstracts 2009 Volume 51, No 4, October Contents | Abstracts Volume 51, No 3, July Contents | Abstracts Volume 51, No 2, April Contents | Abstracts Volume 51, No 1, January Contents | Abstracts 2008 Volume 50, No 5, October Contents | Abstracts Volume 50, No 4, July Contents | Abstracts Volume 50, No 3, June (Special Issue) Contents | Abstracts Volume 50, No 2, April Contents | Abstracts Volume 50, No 1, January Contents | Abstracts 2007 Volume 49, No 5, December Contents | Abstracts Volume 49, No 4, October (Special Issue) Contents | Abstracts Volume 49, No 3, July Contents | Abstracts Volume 49, No 2, April Contents | Abstracts Volume 49, No 1, January Contents | Abstracts 2006 Volume 48, No 6, October (Special Issue) Contents | Abstracts Volume 48, No 5, September (Special Issue) Contents | Abstracts Volume 48, No 4, July Contents | Abstracts Volume 48, No 3, June (Special Issue) Contents | Abstracts Volume 48, No 2, April (Special Issue) Contents | Abstracts Volume 48, No 1, January Contents | Abstracts 2005 Volume 47, No 4, October Contents | Abstracts Volume 47, No 3, July Contents | Abstracts Volume 47, No 2, April (Special Issue) Contents | Abstracts Volume 47, No 1, January (Special Issue) Contents | Abstracts 2004 Volume 46, No 5, October Contents | Abstracts Volume 46, No 4, July Contents | Abstracts Volume 46, No 3, April (Special Issue) Contents | Abstracts Volume 46, No 2, January (Special Issue) Contents | Abstracts Volume 46, No 1, January Contents | Abstracts 2003 Volume 45, No 4, October Contents | Abstracts Volume 45, No 3, July Contents | Abstracts Volume 45, No 2, April Contents | Abstracts Volume 45, No 1, January Contents | Abstracts 1997 - 2002 Volume 44, No 4, October 2002 Contents Volume 44, No 3, July 2002 Contents Volume 44, No 2, April 2002 Contents Volume 44, No 1, January 2002 Contents Volume 43, No 4, October 2001 Contents Volume 43, No 3, July 2001 Contents Volume 43, No 2, April 2001 Contents Volume 43, No 1, January 2001 Contents Volume 42, No 4, October 2000 Contents Volume 42, No 3, July 2000 Contents Volume 42, No 2, April 2000 Contents Volume 42, No 1, January 2000 Contents Volume 41, No 4, October 1999 Contents Volume 41, No 3, July 1999 Contents Volume 41, No 2, April 1999 Contents Volume 41, No 1, January 1999 Contents Volume 40, No 4, October 1998 Contents Volume 40, No 3, July 1998 Contents Volume 40, No 2, April 1998 Contents Volume 40, No 1, January 1998 Contents Volume 39, No 4, October 1997 Contents Volume 39, No 3, July 1997 Contents Volume 39, No 2, April 1997 Contents Volume 39, No 1, January 1997 Contents Home Journal of Become Affiliates Book Contact Us Franais 
