 AIVELA Vai ai contenuti Menu principale: Home Page Statuto Organizzazione Eventi Premio di laurea Giulio Guj Prof. Giulio Guj edizione 2012 edizione 2009 Atti di Convegni MARLENE General Organization Events A.I.VE.LA. Associazione Italiana di VElocimetria LAser e diagnostica non invasiva the Italian Association of LAser VElocimetry and non invasive diagnostics c/o Dipartimento di Ingegneria Industriale e Scienze Matematiche, Università Politecnica delle Marche Via Brecce Bianche - 60131 Ancona tel: +39 071 2204489, Fax: +39 071 2204813 e-mail: aivela@univpm.it NEWS - 11th Int Conference on Vibration Measurements by Laser and Noncontact Techniques Short Course , Ancona, Italy, 24 - 27 June 2014 Home Page | Statuto | Organizzazione | Eventi | Premio di laurea "Giulio Guj" | Atti di Convegni | MARLENE | General | Organization | Events | Mappa del sito Torna ai contenuti | Torna al menu 
 Login | Site Map | Contact Us | Conditions | Search Help | På svenska Business areas Departments and Subsidiaries Knowledge Centres Courses Seminars Publications Media Working with us Index A-Z About SP Our business areas form clearly recognisable portals that meet customer needs and give direct access to SP knowledge and expertise. Calibration services Certification Research Testing SP on LinkedIN Welcome to SP If You install a Flashplayer You can here see an animation with information about SP. Welcome to SP SP applies its internationally leading competence to the development and evaluation of technologies, material, products, and processes to meet its customers' needs and provide an effective link between research and commercialisation. Working with us Working with us. Read more... SP Systems Analysis SP Systems Analysis is a unique knowledge platform for energy and environmental systems analysis. We employ these methods in a broader context, applying SP's extensive technical expertise to new areas. Read more... New tool promotes solar energy It will now be easier for consumers and importers to compare the exchange of energy of different solar collectors with each other. Read more... News and Press Releases [2014-02-12] €85 million European programme targets novel antibiotics Read more... [2013-11-08] New issue of t; r! Read more... [2013-05-30] SP acquires majority of biorefinery company Processum Read more... [2013-01-21] New research institute for Sweden Read more... [2012-12-18] Swedish-Norwegian collaboration on fire technology Read more... SP Technical Research Institute of Sweden, Box 857, SE-501 15 Borås Phone +46 10-516 50 00, E-mail info@sp.se 
 Cine suntem Istoric Codul de etica Statut Structura Conducere Colegiul de etica Adunarea Generala Consiliul Director Organizare Filiale/Sucursale Societati Cercuri Membri Individuali Colectivi Sustinatori Departamente Ce oferim Premiul AGIR Distinctii AGIR Titlul Euring Servicii Consultanta Proiecte Expertize Educatie Cercetari terminologice Servicii editoriale Activitate Programe Biblioteca Culturala Editarea si difuzarea de publicatii (carti si reviste) Editura Publicatii Buletinul AGIR Termotehnica Telecomunicatii Carti Librarie Carti Cosul tau Cum cumpar Cum ma inscriu Logare utilizatori User: * Parola: * Reamintire parola vezi toate stirile Stiri si noutati Redirectionare 2% din impozitul pe venit Data: 27.februarie.2014 citeste mai departe Oferta loc de munca-Inginer proiectant masini (Vancouver, Canada) Societate din Vancouver, care proiecteaza si construieste aparatura si... Data: 28.februarie.2014 citeste mai departe Cercul de reflectie - VizionarIng La data de 19 februarie a.c., la sediul AGIR din Calea Victoriei 118, a avut... Data: 05.martie.2014 citeste mai departe Membrii sustinatori si colectivi AGIR Cautare Carti Librarie Editura: -Selectati- A.G.I.R. A.G.I.R. Bucuresti - Mega Cluj-Napoca Academiei Romane AGER - Economistul Alicat Alma Craiova Amarcord Timisoara Ametist 92 Amintiri Feroviare Barlad Aquila Oradea Artecno ASAB Bibliotheca BMI Publishing Casa Casa Cartii de Stiinta Cluj-Napoca CCPCMA CD Press Club Feroviar Codecs Compania Conspress (U.T.C.B.) Cununi de Stele Dacia Cluj-Napoca Derc Publishing House, Tewksbury, Massachusetts, U.S.A. Didactica si Pedagogica Electra (ICPE) Enciclopedica Fast Print Fundatia Culturala Gheorghe Marin Speteanu Garamond Gryphon Heritage Hristache Popescu Impuls (ICECON) International University Press Bucuresti Litera AVN Chisinau Little Star Lux Libris Brasov Media Drumuri-Poduri Milena Press Niculescu Orizonturi Universitare Timisoara Oscar Print Paideia Pegasus Press Pergament Politehnica Timisoara Printech RO EnP S.I.E.R. Scrisul Prahovean Tehnica Tehnica-Info Chisinau Transilvania University Press Brasov Universal Dalsi Universitara Universitatii de Nord Baia Mare Viga Categorie: - Selectati - Agricultura Amenajari interioare Arheologie Arhitectura Arte plastice Astronomie/Astronautica Automatica Biologie Calitate Carti pentru copii Cercetare creativa Chimie Constructii Constructii si instalatii - Normative Dezvoltare durabila Dezvoltare personala Dictionare Dictionare tehnice Discursuri de receptie Diverse Drept Economie Electronica Electrotehnica Enciclopedii Energetica Energii regenerabile Etnografie Expertize Fiabilitate Filosofie Fizica Frigotehnica Geografie Geologie Ghiduri turistice/Atlase rutiere Globalizare Harti de perete Hidraulica/Mecanica fluidelor Informatica Inginerie alimentara Inginerie electrica Inginerie generala Inginerie mecanica Inginerie miniera Inginerie termica Inginerie textila Instalatii Istoria stiintei si tehnicii Istorie Limbi straine Lingvistica Literatura Literatura S.F. Logistica Luminotehnica Management Manuale scolare Marketing Matematica Mecatronica Medicina/Sanatate Memorii/Jurnale Mentenanta Merceologie Metalurgie/Constructii de masini Metrologie Modelism feroviar Monografii Muzica Poezii Politica Proceedings Protectia mediului Protectia muncii Psihologie Religie Resurse naturale Reviste Robotica Securitate nationala Silvicultura/Prelucrarea lemnului Sociologie si asistenta sociala Sport Stiinta Stiinta materialelor Stiinta si tehnologia informatiei Stiintele educatiei Telecomunicatii Terminologie Transporturi Transporturi feroviare Tratate Cautare: * Introduceti numele cartii Ultimele carti din Librarie Valoarea umana a organizatiilor Stoc limitat promotie Pret: 49 RON Design in natura. Cum guverneaza legea constructala evolutia in biologie, fizica, tehnologie si organizarea sociala. Stoc limitat promotie Pret: 40 RON Instalatii electrice de distributie de joasa tensiune In stoc promotie Pret: 40 RON Normativ P 118/2-2013. Normativ privind securitatea la incendiu a constructiilor. Partea a II-a. Instalatii de stingere. Stoc limitat promotie Pret: 81.75 RON Filialele / Sucursalele AGIR in toata tara AGIR este membru al urmatoarelor organizatii internationale Federatia Mondiala a Organizatiilor Ingineresti (WFEO/FMOI), este o organizaţie internaţională, neguvernamentală care reprezintă profesia de inginer din întreaga lume. www.wfeo.net Federatia Europeana a Asociatilor Nationale de Ingineri (FEANI), reprezentand interesele a peste 2 milioane de ingineri reuniti in asociatii ingineresti din 27 tari europene are ca scop afirmarea si dezvoltarea identitatii profesionale a inginerilor. www.feani.org Consiliul Regional de Coordonare a Organizatiilor Ingineresti din Centrul si Estul Europei (RCC), promoveaza cooperarea reciproca si integrarea europeana si Euro-Atlantica din sud-estul Europei pentru a inspira dezvoltarea din regiune in beneficiul oamenilor sai. www.rcc.int Asociatia Internationala de Educatie Continua Inginereasca (IACEE), organizatie internationala non profit si non guvernamentala, constituita in scopul sustinerii si intensificarii educatiei tehnice pe tot parcursul vietii. iacee.asee.org www.aexea.org Activitate Culturala AGIR Orchestra Inginerilor Orchestra Inginerilor , sub bagheta violoncelistului ing. Petru Ghenghea, a luat fiinta in cadrul Institutului de Cai Ferate, in anul 1956, pe nucleul a doua cvartete de coarde compuse din ingineri muzicieni amatori. Orchestra continua o veche traditie ceferista inca din 1936, cand luase fiinta o Orchestra Simfonica a Inginerilor Feroviari, animatorul ei fiind prof.ing. Ioan Tomescu de la Politehnica din Bucuresti, reputat violist. In aceasta orchestra, care a avut ca dirijori pe maestrii Theodor Rogalski si Constantin Bobescu, a intrat si prof. Ghenghea, in calitate de violoncelist. In timpul razboiului, bogata biblioteca muzicala de care dispunea orchestra s-a distrus si la fel o mare parte a instrumentelor, iar membrii formatiei s-au risipit, dar pasiunea pentru muzica a ramas. Prof. Ghenghea a facut tot posibilul pentru reinfiintarea orchestrei si continuarea traditiei. citeste mai departe Reviste. Buletine. Ziare. Home Cine suntem Structura Ce oferim Activitate Editura Librarie Cum ma inscriu Contact 
 Need a login? Can't Login Why Join ASHRAE ASHRAE Membership ASHRAE membership is open to any person associated with heating, ventilation, air conditioning or refrigeration. ASHRAE is unique because its membership is drawn from a wide range of disciplines relating to the HVACR field. Approximately 51,000 individuals from more than 100 nations belong to the Society Discounts on Publications ASHRAE members earn 15% off publications. Hundreds of titles are available including the complete collection of ASHRAE Standards including 90.1, 62.1 and 189.1. When you join ASHRAE, you are making an investment in yourself. When you become active in the Society by giving your time and sharing your knowledge, you get even more out of that investment. Network with Industry Professionals Each month, all over the world, ASHRAE chapters convene for an informational program featuring a speaker or topic that is key to professionals in the industry. Meet with your peers and share ideas. Join or Login Close Panel Home About ASHRAE Contact Us News Needtechnical info? Search Resources & Publications Bookstore Handbook Abstract Archive Supplier Directory & Sponsored White Papers Free Resources ASHRAExCHANGE Periodicals Citation and Abstract Services ASHRAE Indexes Publication Updates Educators' Resources Standards, Research & Technology Standards & Guidelines Standards Forms & Procedures Standards Addenda Standards Errata Standards Interpretations Standards Actions Public Review Drafts Purchase Standards & Guidelines Research Purchase Research Reports Research Promotion Technical Committees Advanced Energy Design Guides Special Project Activities Technical FAQs Education & Certification Certification Online Learning 2014 Spring Online Courses Course Schedule HVAC Design Training Self-Directed or Group Learning Instructor-Led Courses ASHRAE Courses at Industry Events ASHRAE Chapter Courses ASHRAE In-Company Courses Sponsored Webinars Government Affairs Grassroots Government Activities Coalitions and Programs Public Policy Issue Briefs, Letters, & Testimony Congressional Briefings Government Affairs Updates Advocacy Toolkit Advocacy Committee Washington Office Staff Society Groups Chapters Regions Committees Councils Volunteer Rules of the Board Meet the Board College of Fellows Life Members Club AASA ASHRAE Foundation Membership & Conferences Join Now Renew My Membership Benefits My Membership Honors & Awards Student Zone Conferences Distinguished Lecturer Program Webcasts Young Engineers in ASHRAE ASHRAE Merchandise Featured Article Cleanroom Technology & Improving OR Contamination Featured Article Reducing Energy, Water Use with Cooling Towers Featured Article Interior Airflows in Houses & Tall Buildings HPB 2014 CONFERENCE Registration now open . Learn More   ASHRAE Course at ACREX Learn More   FOR HVACR INSTRUCTORS Learn More   ASHRAE Journal Read More   CLIMATE-SPECIFIC FAÇADES Join the discussion.   View Webcast in April Learn More or To Register   Member Focus Read More   High Performing Buildings Read More   Upcoming Events 02/24-02/28 - HVAC Design Training 02/24-02/26 - Hot Climates Conference 04/07-04/08 - High Performance Buildings 04/24-04/26 - CRC Region VIII Featured Careers ASHRAE Conference Sponsor Facebook Twitter YouTube ASHRAExCHANGE Resources & Publications Bookstore Handbook Abstract Archive Supplier Directory & Sponsored White Papers Free Resources ASHRAExCHANGE Periodicals Citation and Abstract Services ASHRAE Indexes Publication Updates Educators' Resources Standards, Research & Technology Standards & Guidelines Standards Forms & Procedures Standards Addenda Standards Errata Standards Interpretations Standards Actions Public Review Drafts Purchase Standards & Guidelines Research Purchase Research Reports Research Promotion Technical Committees Advanced Energy Design Guides Special Project Activities Technical FAQs Education & Certification Certification Online Learning 2014 Spring Online Courses Course Schedule HVAC Design Training Self-Directed or Group Learning Instructor-Led Courses ASHRAE Courses at Industry Events ASHRAE Chapter Courses ASHRAE In-Company Courses Sponsored Webinars Government Affairs Grassroots Government Activities Coalitions and Programs Public Policy Issue Briefs, Letters, & Testimony Congressional Briefings Government Affairs Updates Advocacy Toolkit Advocacy Committee Washington Office Staff Society Groups Chapters Regions Committees Councils Volunteer Rules of the Board Meet the Board College of Fellows Life Members Club AASA ASHRAE Foundation Membership & Conferences Join Now Renew My Membership Benefits My Membership Honors & Awards Student Zone Conferences Distinguished Lecturer Program Webcasts Young Engineers in ASHRAE ASHRAE Merchandise Student Zone Design Competition Scholarships and Grants New Faces of Engineering - College Edition K-12 Activities Membership and Meetings Educational Resources Student Activities Student News Student Branches Join ASHRAE ASHRAE advances the arts and sciences of heating, ventilation, air conditioning and refrigeration to serve humanity and promote a sustainable world. With more than 53,000 members from over 132 nations, ASHRAE is a diverse organization representing building system design and industrial processes professionals around the world. Contact Us Permissions Terms of Use Privacy Policy Careers Advertising Site Map 
 TEL: 01420 471610 PROFESSIONAL MANAGEMENT & ADMINISTRATION OF TRADE BODIES HOME ABOUT AGM SERVICES CLIENTS CONTACT US AGM You need to upgrade your Flash Player and enable Javascript to view this content AGM has a proven formula for the effective and efficient management of a successful trade association. We can provide active input and develop initiatives as well as utilising our experience gained from over thirty years' involvement in association management. The service provided can include: MEMBERSHIP MEETINGS AND CONFERENCES ADMINISTRATION FINANCE MARKETING PUBLIC RELATIONS PUBLICATIONS WEB DESIGN AND HOSTING REGISTRATION AND TRAINING SCHEMES EXHIBITIONS LIAISON PROFESSIONAL MANAGEMENT 
 The International Lead Zinc Research Organization (ILZRO) manages environment, health, sustainable development and product-related research programs on behalf of the International Lead Association (ILA) and the International Zinc Association (IZA). ILZRO also manages research on behalf of down-stream user groups including the Advanced Lead-Acid Battery Consortium. For more information please visit our supporting members websites at: iza: ila: www.ila-lead.org alabc: www.alabc.org international lead zinc 1822 NC Highway 54 East p: 919-361-4647 f: 919-361-1957 
 About ICPA Mission Bylaws Board of Directors Committees Press Releases For Architects / Builders ANSI/ICPA Performance Standard Solid Surface Properties Applications Master Specs KB Materials Performance Matrix For Consumers What are MasterCast Engineered Composites? What is Cast Polymer? What are cultured marble, cultured granite & cultured onyx? What is Solid Surface? Solid Surface Properties Applications Care and Maintenance Tips KB Materials Performance Matrix Find a Manufacturer/Vendor ICPA Photo Library Cast Polymer in the News Regions Cultured Marble Assn. of the South (CMAS) Golden West Cultured Marble Assn. (GWCMA) Greater Southwest Composite Materials Assn. (GSCMA) Mid-America Cultured Marble Assn. (MACMA) Midwest Cultured Marble Assn. (MCMA) Northeast Cast Polymer Assn. (NECPA) Piedmont Cultured Marble Assn. (PCMA) Florida Cast Polymer Assn. (FCPA) Planning Your Regional Meeting Meetings Calendar of Events COMPOSITES Membership Overview Benefits Mastercast Join or Renew Now Employee Training Certification Program Photo Library Marketing Initiative ACMA Homepage Mastercast Marketing Tool Kit Pinnacle Award Join ICPA Now! THE INTERNATIONAL CAST POLYMER ASSOCIATION recently merged with the AMERICAN COMPOSITES MANUFACTURERS ASSOCIATION. Although the ICPA has been absorbed by ACMA, the organization still retains its desire to be visible, in certain ways, as a separate entity within the larger organization. A goal of its discrete membership is to achieve awareness of cast polymer products with a special consumer target base. We're moving ahead with our new Marketing Initiative! Click here for details The International Cast Polymer Alliance (ICPA) of the American Composites Manufacturers Association represents manufacturers, suppliers, fabricators, and installers of cast polymer (MasterCast Engineered Composites), including cultured marble, cultured granite, cultured onyx, and solid surface kitchen and bath products. ICPA is dedicated to promoting recognition and demand for cast polymer products, representing the industry on legislative and regulatory issues, and maintaining high standards of quality in cast polymer products. View ICPA's MasterCast Connection newsletter MasterCast Marketing Tool Box for Members ICPA members can now access a member marketing tool kit for MasterCast Engineered Composites. To download MasterCast logos, suggested promotional templates and marketing tools, click here. MasterCast Marketing Initiative Learn more about the marketing initiative that brought you MasterCast Engineered Composites, the new name for cast polymers. Click Here Let the Master Cast Key to promoting MasterCast Engineered Composites is the new website geared for both homeowners and specifiers. The information, photos and vendor search make www.mastercast.biz a valuable sales tool. www.mastercast.biz ACMA Small Business Information A link to the ACMA Small Business page has been added the ICPA Members Homepage. You can also visit the page by clicking here. Event Calendar COMPOSITES 2013 Infinite Menus, Copyright 2005, OpenCube Inc. All Rights Reserved. OpenCube - The Internets #1 CSS Menu, Drop Down Menu, Flyout Menu, and Pop Up menu Developer 
 Industry Associations PatentsHistory Publications Manufacturing Health Magnetism Electricity Safety Glossary Links Rare-Earth Magnets Please use our contact Industry Associations Patents and History A brief history of the development of rare-earth magnets. Manufacturing Health Magnetism Electricity Background information on the concepts of electricity. Safety Guidelines for the safe handling of rare-earth magnets. Glossary Links National Imports LLC . All Rights Reserved. 
 Home About Events Awards Products Services Knowledge Bank Contact Member area Member Area Navigate Home About Events Awards Products Services Knowledge Bank Contact Member area Search Member Area Login Please enter the username and password. Username : Password : If you experience issues loging in you can try using an alternative login page here. Lost Password The International Federation of Purchasing and Supply Management The International Federation of Purchasing and Supply Management News IFPSM Summer School 2014 The next IFPSM Summer School will take place on 30 June 5 July at the University of Twente, Enschede, Netherlands IFPSM announces new CEO IFPSM is delighted to announce that Malcolm Youngson has been appointed as its new Chief Executive Officer. Events ABCAL Forum on Law Procurement Transportation 20 February 2014 ABCAL Forum on Law Procurement Transportation 20 February 2014 Sitemap | Privacy | Terms | Advertise | Reg Office | Admin Login IFPSM 2013 
 Advancing the art and technology of laser shows since 1986 Javascript DHTML Drop Down Menu Powered by dhtml-menu-builder.com See all of 2012 ILDA Award-winning videos The following companies are accredited professional lasershow companies LaserNet , Texas , Penns. LOBO , Germany company. What's New page , and . 2013 ILDA Award winners at ILDA and the website Join or renew your ILDA International Laser Display Association written permission trademarks Home page (latest news) ---------------------------- (for non-members) Become Accredited (for laser show companies) Renew for this year (for Members) Member Management website (address, phone, etc.) Find a laser display company: Directory of ILDA Accredited Professionals ---------------------------- Directory of ILDA Members, alphabetical 2010 2009 2008 2007 ---------------------------- Contact ILDA See our Members' work: Places to see laser shows ---------------------------- ---------------------------- Articles by and about ILDA Why use lasers: C Atmospheric beam effects Technology Consumer protection: (file a complaint) ( active complaints) For laser pointers: Inquiries and referrals ----------------------------- Laser Safety Officer course ILDA mailing lists: ILDA BuySell mailing list ----------------------------- Safety links articles Technical standards Links to related sites Members-Only pages: ----------------------------- ILDA Award photos for Members ILDA logos for Member use Insurance Insurance shipping liability U.S. national laser laws and regulations ILDA Bylaws Types of voting Board meeting minutes: 2013 2010 2009 2007 2006 and earlier ILDA tradeshow reports: Password help Update your listings ---------------------------- Renewals: Members who renewed for 2009 Membership information: (renew, conference registration, etc.) How to renew your Membership Membership FAQ Restrictions on Individual Student Members Membership benefits: Networking Membership listings ---------------------------- Use the ILDA Member logo Enter the ILDA Awards Receive inquiries ---------------------------- Member Discount Program Help set standards Work on committees Ethics Committee Input to regulatory agencies ---------------------------- Ethics and business: Code of Business Practice Overview Required elements About ILDA Contact us ---------------------------- What we do: Our mission Protecting the industry Running and voting for the Board Volunteer opportunities Our history: Founding meeting, 1986 Founding Members, 1986 List of past ILDA Award winners List of past ILDA Conferences List of past Board members ----------------------------- (for this year) 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2006 Future conferences Previous conferences: 2012 Nov., San Antonio, Texas 2011 Nov., Moscow Post-conference report Pre-conference information: Overview, registration, attendees Tim Walsh's diary Attendees Overview and registration Reservations and travel Overview and photos Technology Workshop Pre-conference information: 2008 Sept., cruise from Miami Post-conference report Tim Walsh's diary Attendees Pre-conference information: Overview Photo preview Conference registration Logo contest (deadline 6/30) 2007 March, Heshan, China: A L About conferences: 2013 Award winners Winners by year: 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 Awards overview ---------------------------- 2013 entry forms magazine 
 Advanced Search Search Tips SwRI Site Map SwRI Home About SwRI Facts Conferences Workshops Exhibits Mission Statement Awards Honors In the Community Map Annual Report Technical Divisions Aerospace Electronics, Systems Engineering Training Avionics Support Systems Electronics Integration Cyber Technology Engineering Services Automatic Test Systems Large-scale Database Development Reliability Maintainability Improvements Program Development Operations Aerospace Engineering Systems Sensors Autonomous Systems Controls Aerospace Systems Engineering Learning Sciences Systems Applied Physics Electronics Systems Robotics Hardware Design Construction Electronic Electrical Component Analysis Engineering Logistics Support Small Robotic Vehicle Evaluation Applications Electromagnetic Modeling Electromechanical Optical Systems Packaging Rapid Prototyping Special Mechanical Systems Microelectromechanical Systems Photonic, Optical Laser Systems Engineering Applications Systems Development Advanced Systems Engineering Software Development Advanced Electronics Laboratory Earth Characterization Geophysical Measurements Applied Power Automation Data Systems Communications Embedded Systems Advanced Instrumentation Telemetry Systems High Reliability Software Embedded System Security Tactical Networks Communications Intelligent Systems Intelligent Vehicle Systems Transportation Systems Decision Support Technologies Manufacturing Systems Process Improvement Engineering Robotics Automation Engineering Chemistry Chemical Engineering Microencapsulation Nanomaterials Microencapsulation Materials Bioengineering Biochemistry Medicinal Process Chemistry Chemical Defense Analytical Regulated Projects Analytical Environmental Chemistry Bioanalytical Chemistry Environmental Health Organic Inorganics/Radiochemistry Environmental Demilitarization Technology Environmental Engineering Monitoring Demilitarization Laboratory Support Fire Technology Fire Resistance Material Flammability Engineering Research Listing, Labeling, Follow-Up Inspections Chemical Engineering Process Chemistry Laboratory Chemical Refining Process Development Fuels Energy Development Engine, Emissions Vehicle Research Engine Vehicle RD Aftertreatment RD Diesel Technology Powertrain Controls Advanced Vehicle Technology Advanced Combustion Emissions Emissions RD Engine Certification Emission Development Medium Speed Diesel Engines Light-Duty Vehicle Emissions Emissions Chemistry Particle Science Technology Design Development Powertrain Design Analysis Drivetrain Development PTL Fuels Lubricants Research Engine Lubricants Research Heavy-Duty Engine Oil Evaluations Passenger Car Engine Oil Evaluations International Lubricant Testing Specialized Lubricant Evaluations Fuels Driveline Lubricants Research Fleet Field Evaluations Fuels Performance Evaluations Specialty Driveline Fluid Evaluations Fuels Lubricants Technology Fluids Filtration Handling Research Fuels, Lubricants, Fluids Applications Filtration Fine Particle Technology Fuel Systems Contamination Research Petroleum Products Research Fuel Analysis Fuel Conformance Lubricant Analysis Geosciences Engineering Center for Nuclear Waste Regulatory Analyses Geochemistry Geology Geophysics Hydrology Mining, Geotechnical, Facility Engineering Corrosion Science Process Engineering Risk Assessment Earth, Material Planetary Sciences Geochemistry Geology Geophysics Hydrology Mining, Geotechnical, Facility Engineering Corrosion Science Process Engineering Risk Assessment Rockville Office Mechanical Engineering Engineering Dynamics Computational Mechanics Ballistics Explosives Engineering Ballistics Explosives Range Structural Engineering Aerospace Structures Ocean Simulation Lab Marine Structures Engineering Structural Dynamics Product Assurance Materials Engineering Mechanics Materials Surface Engineering Materials Chemistry Environmental Performance of Materials Materials Science Failure Analysis Musculoskeletal Biomechanics Fluids Machinery Engineering Fluid Dynamics Multiphase Flow Machinery Sensor Systems Nondestructive Evaluation (NDE) Technology Signal Exploitation Geolocation SIGINT Solutions Signal Exploitation Systems Engineering Electromagnetic Apertures Radiolocation Program Management SIGINT Solutions Product Highlights Surveillance Geolocation Mission Systems Tracking Systems Tactical Products Land Airborne Systems Maritime Systems Program Management Software Engineering Mission Development Management Information Exploitation Signal Processing Maryland Operations Space Science Engineering Space Science Science Instrument Systems Data Analysis Science Support Software Space Support Systems Software Power Systems Space Systems Electromechanical Systems Avionics Systems Lighter-than-Air Systems Planetary Science Directorate Areas of Technology Search Technologies Patents Software Internal Research Development Doing Business Patents GSA Contract Schedules SeaPort-e TARDEC Consortia Subsidiaries Joint Ventures Quality Programs IRD Newsroom News Releases Videos Media Contacts Technology Today Publications Annual Report Careers Job Opportunities Diversity SwRI San Antonio SwRI Sites Contact Us Map to SwRI SwRI News Announcements Romo elected chairman of SwRI Board of Directors IBEX research shows influence of galactic magnetic field extends well beyond our solar system SwRI receives Alliance for Work-Life Progress Seal of Distinction MORE SwRI NEWS ANNOUNCEMENTS Careers SwRI Publications Benefiting government, industry and the public through innovative science and technology Southwest Research Institute (SwRI ), headquartered in San Antonio, Texas, is one of the oldest and largest independent, nonprofit, applied research and development organizations in the United States. SwRI's Home Site Map Contact Us SwRI Main Office Shipping Address SwRI Worldwide SwRI Website Copyright Legal Notices SwRI Internet Privacy About SwRI Quality Programs Environmental Safety Policies SwRI Software Conferences, Workshops Events Exhibits Technical Divisions Search Technologies Specific Technology IRD Careers at SwRI Diversity SwRI in the Community SwRI San Antonio Map to SwRI Newsroom Videos YouTube SwRI Publications Annual Report Technology Today Technology-Related Publications RSS Patents Business Information SwRI GSA Contract Schedules SwRI SeaPort-e TARDEC Consortia SwRI Sites (SwRI 
 This page is having a slideshow that uses Javascript. Your browser either doesn't support Javascript or you have it turned off. To see this page as it is meant to appear please use a Javascript enabled browser. ASTC Spring 2014 Research Review Meeting - March 12-14, 2014 Wednesday March 12, 2014 - Friday March 14, 2014Biltmore Hotel, 2151 Laurelwood Road, Santa Clara, CA 95054RegisterDescription:The ASTC Spring 2014 Research Review Meeting will take place on March 12-14 at the Biltmore Hotel, 2151 Laurelwood Road, Santa Clara, CA 95054. Your registration ... Read More Advanced Format Logo Overview The AF Logo Program was created by IDEMA and the Advanced Format Marketing Work Group to easily identify hard disk drives that employ long sector, AF technologies. While usage of the logo is optional, AF logos may be seen populating hard drive product labels, ... Read More Smooth Slider Member Login Skip to content Home About Board Members Initiatives Technology Collaborative Standards Advanced Format (AF) Technology REACH Membership Member Directory Join IDEMA Request Access to the IDEMA Members-Only Area Global Events Asia-Pacific Events Japan Events USA Events Past Events Document Library Committee Portal Contact IDEMA Worldwide IDEMA Asia Pacific IDEMA Japan Subscribe to our mailing list IDEMA Initiatives Technology Collaboration Standards Advanced Format (AF) Technology Whats New? CLEANLOGIX LLC ASTC Spring 2014 Research Review Meeting March 12-14, 2014 Materion Advanced Materials Group DISKCON Asia-Pacific LSI Corporation Isao Suzuki Members Log In Change Email and Password Log Out Contact 1226 Lincoln Ave., Suite 100 Search for: 2010-2014 IDEMA All Rights Reserved ukash seo seo ukash seo seo kurumsal seo seo araclari seo seo 
 Skip to main content Indian Institute of Technology Madras English हिन्दी Main menu Home About IIT Madras Administration Academics Departments Centres Research People Research Highlight / अनुसंधान मुख्यांश Living Polymers Equilibrium/Living polymers are a class of molecules that spontaneously self assemble to form reversible aggregates of one or more type of molecules in a solution or in a melt. We study, through computer simulations, a model system of segments which can spontaneously assemble to form large polymeric aggregates. We show that strength of short range attraction and long range repulsion between segments leads to randomly networked gel states even in very dilute solutions. The short range attraction favors the growth of polymers and long range repulsion stabilizes the percolating network. Pages 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 … next › last » Vision To be an academic institution in dynamic equilibrium with its social, ecological and economic environment striving continuously for excellence in education, research and technological service to the nation. News Updates / समाचार और अध्यतन समाचार SAVe-2014 Competition Winner - एसएवीइ-2014 प्रतियोगिता के विजेता Doctoral Research Award / डॉक्टरल अनुसंधान पुरस्कार Padma Bhushan Award / पद्म भूषण पुरस्कार Padma Shri Award / पद्म श्री पुरस्कार Young Scientist Award for best oral presentation / सर्वश्रेष्ठ मौखिक प्रस्तुति के लिए युवा वैज्ञानिक पुरस्कार M.S/Ph.d Advertisement Language Read more about M.S/Ph.d Advertisement Welcome Welcome to the homepage of IIT Madras. Language Read more about Welcome हिन्दी Pages 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 … next › last » Notices / सूचनाएँ Faculty Recruitment 2014 Hindi Manjusha Duplicate Degree Rules IITM Summer Fellowship 2014 CAE 2014 Application and Instructions Post Doctoral Fellowship at IIT Madras M.Tech. 2013 Short term post-doctoral fellowship of IIT Madras for Women JEE (Advanced) HSEE 2014 Conferences / सम्मेलन ICMMM 2014 at IIT Madras from Aug 08, 2014 to Aug 09, 2014 International Conference on MEMS and Sensors (ICMEMSS 2014) at Indian Institute of Technology Madras, Chennai, INDIA from Dec 18, 2014 to Dec 20, 2014 more... Check: email | wmail | smail Links / लिंक्स Central Library Campus News IJAESAM - New Journal Industrial Consultancy Sponsored Research Alumni Relations International Relations NPTEL Placement Research Park Right To Information Telephone Directory JEE (Advanced) Financial Assistance - SSAN Ananya IITM Educational Trust Search / खोज Search Gateways for ... A dmissions | A lumni | C ampus Residents | E xchange Students | F aculty | I ndustry | IPR, Technology Transfer | J obs |  R esearchers   | R etirees | S taff | S tudents |  V endors | V isitors The IIT system | Reach IITM on  | Alumni network on | Feedback | Contact Us 
 Contact Site Map JAPANESE Search About AIST Research Results International Activities Job Opportunities Publications, videos, etc. Visiting Access National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (AIST) Environment and Energy Life Science and Biotechnology Information Technology and Electronics Nanotechnology, Materials and Manufacturing Metrology and Measurement Science Geological Survey and Applied Geoscience New Research Result Artificially Designed and Synthesized Luciferase (ALuc) Translation of AIST press release on November 26, 2013 AIST created superluminescent luciferases with artificial design, exerting greatly prolonged bioluminescence. The researchers aligned the amino-acid sequences of a variety of copepod luciferases and identified frequently occurring amino acids, which were further rearranged on the basis of their unique idea, and developed a series of unique luciferases that are genetically distinctive from natural luciferases. They were named artificial luciferases (ALuc). ALuc were examined in a variety of assay systems making use of conventional luciferases. The results revealed that ALuc have advantages over any conventional luciferases in terms of enhancement in sensitivity, reduction of the measurement time, and light permeability in the tissues of living organisms. ALuc, as luminescent markers, will contribute to basic research in life science and are expected to contribute to a variety of diagnoses. Read more NEWS Research Results Topics Events The Key Regulatory Genes in the Formation of Cuticle Covering Plant Surface (Released in Japanese on May 24, 2013) 2/5/2014 [Research Results] Easy Development of Image Analysis Systems on the Cloud (Released in Japanese on October 22, 2012) 2/3/2014 [Research Results] A CIGS Photovoltaic Sub-module with Conversion Efficiency of 18.34 % (Released in Japanese on September 26, 2013) 1/24/2014 [Research Results] Droplet Simulation Technology for Printed Electronics (Released in Japanese on July 31, 2013) 1/14/2014 [Research Results] AIST has posted English version of "AIST REPORT" on its Website 1/23/2014 [Publications] [Research Results] Dramatic Improvement in the Heat Resistance of Transparent Oil-repelling Coatings (Released in Japanese on September 10, 2013) 1/10/2014 [Research Results] AIST Database Databases of research information RRPDB AIST HOME About AIST Research Results International Activities Job Opportunities Publications, Videos, etc. Visiting AIST AIST 
 Inquiries Links Job Corner Newsletter Sitemap English 日本語 Home About us The Centre What do we offer? Milestones 1987 - 2013 The Team Contact & Location News Events Business Roundtable Business Programmes Programmes organised by the Centre Other European programmes for Japan Student Programmes You are a EU student You are a company in the EU You are a Japanese student You are a company in Japan R Innovation Technology Transfer between EU and Japan International Cluster Cooperation Sciences & Technology Cooperation EU-Asia cooperation on satellite navigation ICT Projects Other activities Enterprise Europe Network - Support for SMEs Step in Japan - Logistical support in Japan Minerva - Fellowship Programme EU business in Japan - Information on Japan Activities Mission The mission of the EU-Japan Centre for Industrial Cooperation is to promote all forms of industrial, trade and investment cooperation between Japan and the EU, and to strengthen the technological capabilities and the competitiveness of the European and Japanese industrial systems. read more Government Procurement The Government Procurement Information Portal Website provides tender notice information collected from websites of national and independent administrative agencies and local government agencies. read more NEW! About Japan In accordance with the objective of the European Commission Directorate-General for Enterprise and Industry to develop a global platform to provide EU companies with relevant information about business with third countries, the EU-Japan Centre for Industrial Cooperation has launched a new website which will serve as an online portal of information for all EU SMEs seeking to do business with or in Japan. read more Policy Analysis Policy analysis is performed through the seminars and workshops organized by the EU-Japan Centre, as well as through the activities of the EU-Japan Business Round Table. read more Publications From newsletters to directories, from mission reports to policy papers, all our publications are made available free of charge. read more Activities Mission Government Procurement NEW! About Japan Policy Analysis Publications Call for Proposals: Mapping of Japan-based EU RD centres The EU-Japan Centre is currently developing the future REFERENCE WEBSITE for all EU companies wishing to develop business relations in Japan: « EU BUSINESS IN JAPAN » (www.EUBusinessinJapan.eu).To this end, the EU-Japan Centre invites Japanese and... more details Our next events 10.03.2014 Globalisation of Higher Education from the perspective of EU-Japa... 12.03.2014 Seminar Training Course on Horizon 2020 24.04.2014 WCM Webinar Series - Webinar 01 - Principles of Lean and KAIZEN Human Resources Training Programme - Japan Industry Insight 30.06.2014 04.07.2014 World Class Manufacturing Training Programme - Session I EU-Japan Fellowship Programme - April - Septe... 06.10.2014 10.10.2014 World Class Manufacturing Training Programme - Session II 26.01.2015 30.01.2015 Nanotech Japan Cluster Mission 2015 Vulcanus in Japan student training programme - target: EU student... Vulcanus in Europe student training programme - target: companies... All events SMEs support incl. Enterprise Europe Network Clusters International Collaboration Innovation, ST Cooperation J-Bilat / JEUPISTE GNSS.asia Satellite Navigation Applications EU-Japan news WCM 2014 activities - current calls for applications Conference on Business Technology Opportunities in Bel... Call for Proposals: Mapping of Japan-based EU RD centre... HRTP: Open call for tender to outsorce the consulting work f... HRTP: Open call for tender to outsource the facilitator work... WCM: Open call for tender to outsource the “service for prep... YES Program for young Belgian Executives: Call for applicati... Executive Training Programme in Japan Hearing on the Role of Civil Society in the EU-Japan FTA Missions for Growth to EU member states Call for Applications: Driving Competitiveness in the EU Public Courses on Intercultural Business Competences Develop... Global Business Competences Development Applus IDIADA Group, Vulcanus Host Company Polish Festival at Roppongi Hills 2013 Bio Nano Robo Seminar in Tokyo EU Gateway Business Mission - Healthcare Medical Techn... EU Gateway Business Mission - Interior Design EU Gateway Business Mission - Environment Energy-relat... Canon Foundation in Europe Research Fellowships EU-Japan Newsletter - June 2013 New Publication - EU-Japan Relations, 1970-2012 Concert-Japan to Fund 9 International Research Projects Sales in Japan - Seminar organised by the Palatinate CCI in... Call for Expressions of Interest “STEP IN JAPAN” : logistic... Call for Expressions of Interest “MINERVA” Fellowship Schem... Support services for EU SME wishing to work with Japan Survey - Questionnaire for supporting organisations Survey - Questionnaire for SMEs Japanese Government Procurement Information Portal EU-Asia cooperation on satellite navigation applications All news Copyright 2013 Privacy policy 
 The Southern India Engineering Manufacturers' Association (SIEMA) was founded in 1952 , with a sole aim of representing and protecting the interests of Small, Medium and Large Scale Engineering Industries of this Region. Electric Motors Monoblocks Pumps Submersible Pump sets Diesel Engines Foot Valves etc to cater agricultural sector Textile Machineries, Spares and Parts Starters Switches Air and Borewell Compressor Pumps Rough Castings, Steel Castings More [+] MEMBER Copyright © 2008 SIEMA 
 english Παρουσίαση Χαιρετισμός Διευθυντή Σκοπός Οργανόγραμμα Ανθρώπινο Δυναμικό Οικονομικές Επιδόσεις ΈρευναΑνάπτυξη Δημοσιεύσεις Βιβλία - Κεφάλαια Βιβλίων Περιοδικά Συνέδρια Έργα Ευρωπαϊκά Ερευνητικά Εθνικά Ερευνητικά Αναπτυξιακά Προϊόντα/Υπηρεσίες Νέα Δελτία Τύπου Διακηρύξεις Προκηρύξεις Επικοινωνία Πρόσφατα Νέα Προκηρύξεις, Προσκλήσεις Εκδήλωσης Ενδιαφέροντος... Δελτία Τύπου Δημοσιεύσεις Βιβλία - Κεφάλαια Βιβλίων Περιοδικά Συνέδρια Τό έργο «αναβάθμιση της ιστοσελίδος» χρηματοδοτήθηκε κατά 75% από την Ευρωπαϊκή Ένωση - Ευρωπαϊκό Ταμείο Περιφερειακής Ανάπτυξης και κατά 25% από το Ελληνικό Δημόσιο, στο πλαίσιο της Δράσεως 4.2.3 - Γραφεία Διαμεσολάβησης – Τεχνοκαταλύτες του Επιχειρησιακού Προγράμματος "Ανταγωνιστικότητα", Γ' Κ.Π.Σ. 2000-2006 Copyright © 1998-2007, Ινστιτούτο Βιομηχανικών Συστημάτων developed by elogic.gr 
 African Technology Forum The Premier Source of Information Check out ATF's Consulting Office web site for additional information and new links. The ATF Book Drive | | | | | | | | 1998 African Technology Forum, 
 Contact Us Home Feed Back Vision History Code of Ethics Board of Directors MEMBERSHIP Benefits Member-Get-Member Professional Guidelines Fellow Chartered Master Technical Practitioner Chartered Technical Practitioner Education and Ineligibility Experience Examinations Fees Technical Practitioner Technical Designer Associate Chartered Member Student Member Trades Membership Applications Disciplines of Registration Information Examination Committee Concerns Inquiries News Releases Advertisements HONORS AND AWARDS Nomination Form Software and Workshops Upgrading Courses Technical Examination Courses Engineering / Technical Magazines ICTPC Journal Sponsors & Contractors THANK YOU TO OUR PARTNERS IN LEARNING CENTENNIAL COLLEGE FANSHAWE COLLEGE Mc GRAW HILL SAPPER SOFTWARE Membership Applications Disciplines Trades Software Courses Recruit new members & earn Cash Back! info@ictpc.ca www.rwam.com www.pib.com Increase Your Productivity at Work Promote your Company Place your Business Ads The Learning Zone Pre-Technical Mathematics MATH PRO Software Engineering Statics Mechanical Power Transmission Engineering Designer info@ictpc.ca Membership Made Easier - Join ICTPC Today! Application Form Do You Qualify for a Limited License? info@ictpc.ca Who Are We? Join Us Technical Courses by Correspondence Read more... Not So Easy To Find Design Software Textbooks Chartered Master Technical Practitioner (ChMTP) Chartered Master Technical Practitioner is the highest level of recognition a member can attain within the ICTPC. This category of membership is open to individuals who hold a Masters Degree or a Doctoral Degree in technical and non-technical Affordable Software Solutions Smart Solutions, Smart Choices. Paying Your Dues, Software Purchase, and Other Material (click here) The Institute of Chartered Technical Practitioners of Canada 
 Main About Events Bylaws Contact Main Registration Conference/Webinar program The 2PM. Upcoming Events Stay tuned Please have a look at the following documents 
