 The Technology Realization Company TM Home Contact Us Newsletter Our Markets Our Clients Client Testimonials Referrals Recommendations Compensation Philosophy Technology Marketplace Clearinghouse Strategic Alliances Partnering Site Map Site Search ----------------------------------------- Our Services - Advice for TV Film - Contract RD - Enterprise Development Services - Emerging Business Development - Executive Coaching Mentoring - Bid/RFP/RFQ Requests - Capabilities - Expertise - Expert Witness Services Consulting - Finance Investment Banking - Government Contractor, Subcontractor Partnering - Green Chemistry Support - Integrating Biology Engineering Chemistry - Intellectual Property - Independent Director Services - Marketing - Scientific Merit Technical Due Diligence - Technology Commercialization - Technology Licensing Acquisition - U.S. Agent - What We Do - Who We Are ----------------------------------------- Newsroom - Affiliations - General - Employment Opportunities - Ezine - Industry News Feeds - Media Info - Publications - Press Releases - Events - The Business of Science ----------------------------------------- Technical Resources - Biotech - Chemistry - Green Chemistry - Environmental - Engineering - Homeland Security - Medical Devices Diagnostics - Pharmaceutical - Polymers Materials ----------------------------------------- General Resources - Business - Funding: Private Equity Venture Capital - Grant Opportunities - General - Internet Search - Web Directory - Wireless Internet - Quick Tools ----------------------------------------- International Resources - General - Deutsch - English - Espaol - Franais - Italiano - Portugus Technology Marketplace if you are interested in posting your technology or opportunity. MVSSolutions.biz Contact Us TM MVS' core technical expertise includes: (1) Medical Devices; (2) Medical Technology; and, (3) Chemistry - particularly chemistry at the interface of the life sciences, materials sciences and environmental sciences. MVS also provides access to funding, investment capital and investment banking services for companies in the life sciences, medical technology, healthcare, high tech and related industries. MVS offers consulting and professional advice on the development, funding and acquisition of new businesses . MVS provides business plans, funding documents and strategy for new enterprise development and startup companies in the biotech, life sciences, medical technology and related industries. MVS also provides independent director services . MVS also provides expert chemistry and life sciences advice and consulting for TV and film . Contact Us MVS' performance portfolio includes cost-effective professional services, innovative RD and consulting services in the following: Technology Marketing Technology Commercialization New Venture Formation Emerging Business Strategy and Development Business Plans and Funding Strategy Executive Coaching Mentoring Government Contractor, Subcontractor Partnering Services Integrating Biology Engineering Chemistry Contract Research and Development (Contract RD) Technology Support, Management Support and Project Support Product Discovery, Product Development and Process Development Finance Investment Banking Services Technology Development and Business Development Technology Marketplace Technology Clearinghouse Strategic Alliances, Joint Ventures Commercialization Partnering Translating Biotech, Chemistry, Science and Medical Technology for Your Marketing and Business Goals Technology Evaluation, Scientific Merit and Technical Due Diligence Evaluation, Design and Development of Intellectual Property Portfolios Technology Scout - Search Agent for Promising Discoveries and Innovative Technologies Critical Review and Analysis - Expert Reports, White Papers, Tech Briefs, Data Sheets Educational Seminars and Training Expert Witness Services Consulting for Cases Involving Chemistry, Chemicals, Science Technology Expert Witness Services Consulting for Cases Involving Medical Devices Medical Technology US Agent - For Foreign Companies as Required by the US FDA and Bioterrorism Act of 2002 Independent Director Services - Providing Balanced and Independent Views to Company Boards. Expert biotech, chemistry and life sciences advice for TV, film and the press. Contact Us MVS has the industry experience and the optimum blend of business and technical skills to provide objective and informed advice and consulting services to its clients, customers and shareholders. MVS tailors its contract and professional consulting services to its client's and customer's needs. MVS engages and successfully resolves both small and large projects. MVS' technical problem solving is an integrated multidisciplinary approach that utilizes biology, chemistry, engineering, materials science and information technology. MVS' commercial strength lies in its expertise in integrating science, technology and business . MVS utilizes the IBEC TM approach - Integrated Biology Engineering Chemistry TM - for the design and development of novel medical technology and medical devices. Visit IBEC for a more complete listing of the private, public and military markets which we provide medical technology support. MVS is conveniently located with offices and laboratories in the Boston and Cambridge Massachusetts Area with access to some of the finest university libraries in the world. MVS also has access to sophisticated instrumentation and equipment for successfully addressing and resolving your project needs and goals. MVS' expertise in science, technology and business can provide you with the affordable and expert consulting and RD services usually accessible to only large corporations and Fortune 500 companies. Let MVS Solutions be your expert technology realization resource. Download Company Overview (Adobe Acrobat PDF File) for more info. Visit MVSSolutions.biz MVSSolutions.us SM HOME WHO WE ARE | WHAT WE DO AFFILIATIONS | | PRIVACY STATEMENT JOBS NEWS CAPABILITIES | SITE MAP | | THE BUSINESS OF SCIENCE REFERRALS - RECOMMENDATIONS | SITE SEARCH WEB SEARCH CONSULTANTS DIRECTORY RESOURCES EVENTS INTERNATIONAL SITE | WIRELESS INTERNET SITE | MEDIA INFO INDUSTRY NEWS FEEDS | CLIENT TESTIMONIALS EXPERTISE | EXPERT WITNESS CONSULTANT EMERGING BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT TECHNOLOGY COMMERCIALIZATION COMPENSATION PHILOSOPHY GREEN CHEMISTRY SUPPORT BID - RFP - RFQ REQUESTS COACHING MENTORING INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR INVESTMENT BANKING OUR MARKETS OUR CLIENTS MARKETING US AGENT IBEC QUICK TOOLS Resources: Biotech | Chemistry | Medical Devices | Materials | Environmental | Engineering | Pharmaceutical | Green Chemistry Technology Marketplace | Strategic Alliances Partnering | Venture Capital Funding | Grant Opportunities | Business | General | International | Search | Publications | Homeland Security | Web Directory | The Business of Science Newsletter EMAIL Deutsch | English | Espaol | Franais | Italiano | Portugus 
 You are not logged in. Home Feel free to Contact Us View Cart Checkout Register Log In Advanced Search Access to an Expert Lab Chemicals Technical Grade Food Grade Lab Supplies Volumetric Solutions Best Sellers Accessories QC Eco-Green HVAC Quick Reorder Favorites Order History MSDS Green Chemistry Custom Packaging About Us Contact Us FAQ Terms Conditions News Events New users, register now . THE CHEMICAL INDUSTRY'S HOME ON THE INTERNET "one-stop shop Contact us See our new Heat Transfer Fluids Section! Go to: Family of Companies Copyright 2006 Chemical.net All rights reserved. Privacy Policy 
 JavaScript seem to be disabled in your browser. You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. 0 items) Log In Sign Up Search Advanced Search Home Product Catalog New Products of 2014! About Us About Us Our Facility Executive Staff News News Upcoming Events Contact Spiros Newest Products! Fluorinated Stannanes Synthons Oxetanes Search Log In Log In Email Address Password Login Forgot Your Password? Cart Subtotal: $0.00 Custom Sizes Available All sizes listed are the most commonly packaged quantities. If you are looking for an alternative quantity for any compound please call us and we will generate a custom size suited to your specific needs. Our Featured Products! Click on any product for more details! Switch View Add to Cart 4-Bromo-2-fluoropyridine - B2295 $20.00 4-Bromo-2-fluoropyridine Pricing Add to Cart Dibromoformaldoxime - D2176 $85.00 Dibromoformaldoxime Pricing Add to Cart 2,2-Dimethylethenylboronic acid - D3007 $180.00 2,2-Dimethylethenylboronic acid Pricing Add to Cart (Z)-1-Ethoxy-2-(tributylstannyl)ethene - E2342 $50.00 (Z)-1-Ethoxy-2-(tributylstannyl)ethene Pricing Add to Cart 2-Fluoropyridine-4-boronic acid - F2370 $85.00 2-Fluoropyridine-4-boronic acid Pricing Add to Cart 3-Oxetanamine - O5613 $180.00 3-Oxetanamine Pricing Add to Cart 2-Oxa-6-azaspiro[3.3]heptane hemioxalate - O5816 $160.00 2-Oxa-6-azaspiro[3.3]heptane hemioxalate Pricing Add to Cart 6-Oxa-1-azaspiro[3.3]heptane hemioxalate - O5945 $625.00 6-Oxa-1-azaspiro[3.3]heptane hemioxalate Pricing Add to Cart 4-(Tributylstannyl)pyridazine - T2247 $280.00 4-(Tributylstannyl)pyridazine Pricing Add to Cart 5-(Tributylstannyl)thiazole - T2250 $80.00 5-(Tributylstannyl)thiazole Pricing Add to Cart 1-(Triisopropylsilyl)pyrrole-3-boronic acid - TN210 $65.00 1-(Triisopropylsilyl)pyrrole-3-boronic acid Pricing Add to Cart Oxetane-3-carboxylic acid - X6122 $250.00 Oxetane-3-carboxylic acid Pricing Add to Cart 2,6-Diazaspiro[3.3]heptane-2-carboxylic acid tert-butyl ester hemioxylate - D6051 $320.00 2,6-Diazaspiro[3.3]heptane-2-carboxylic acid tert-butyl ester hemioxylate Pricing Add to Cart 3-Oxetanone - O4015 $30.00 3-Oxetanone Pricing Top Newsletter Sign Up for Our Newsletter: Subscribe Our Featured Products 4-Bromo-2-fluoropyridine - B2295 Dibromoformaldoxime - D2176 2,2-Dimethylethenylboronic acid - D3007 (Z)-1-Ethoxy-2-(tributylstannyl)ethene - E2342 2-Fluoropyridine-4-boronic acid - F2370 3-Oxetanamine - O5613 2-Oxa-6-azaspiro[3.3]heptane hemioxalate - O5816 Synthonix U.S. Our Main Office 2713 Connector Drive Wake Forest, NC 27587 Office: 919-875-9277 Fax: 919-875-9601 E-mail: info@synthonix.com Tax ID #: 20-8577446 Orders E-mail: Orders Sales Other Inquiries E-mail: Ryan Daly Synthonix Europe Our Europe Office 1010 Cambourne Business Park Cambourne, Cambridge, CB23 6DP United Kingdom Office: +44 1223 597934 E-mail: europe@synthonix.com Cart ( 0 items) Featured News About Us Site Map Advanced Search Contact Us 2012 Synthonix. All Rights Reserved | Tel: 919.875.9277 |  Fax: 919.875.9601 | info@synthonix.com (ver. 1.6.2.0) 

 Loading 
 HOME COMPANY PROFILE PRODUCTS INQUIRY CONTACT US ANOTEC-GmbH Kreuzstrasse 25 79540 Loerrach Germany phone: +49 7621 48269 fax: +49 7621 168860 e-mail: info@anotec-gmbh.com Top Copyright 2008 ANOTEC GmbH | Design Development CMS Support by www.nevolo.de 
 AKos a chemoinformatics company Home Company Info Impressum Contact Email AKos GmbH 
 English Chinese ilinc.catalystgrp.com mail.catalystgrp.com 
 TRIZ Technology Complete Training, Consulting and TRIZ Certification We helped our client to win orders worth $1.5 Billion Basic TRIZ Class Advanced TRIZ Class TRIZ Practitioner Class Consulting Schedule Contact Us Home TRIZ TOP-TRIZ - Modern TRIZ Classical TRIZ Products and Services Consulting Cases TRIZ Certification Customer Testimonials Testimonials Page 1 Testimonials Page 2 Testimonials Page 3 Testimonials Page 4 Testimonials Page 5 Testimonials Page 6 Testimonials Page 7 Testimonials Page 8 Customers Publications Staff Contact Us TRIZ Flowchart TRIZ at Conferences Conferences Page 1 Conferences Page 2 Conferences Page 3 TRIZ Links TRIZ Training Our TRIZ training is focused on enhancing analytical thinking and provides checklists and guidelines in problem formulation problem solving . the most complete TRIZ Training program that ends with TRIZ Practitioner Certification. Designing Better Products Faster Using the Theory of Inventive Problem Solving Five-Day Workshop. Begining level. No prerequsites. Advanced Practice TRIZ Course Five-Day Workshop. Intermediate level. Prerequsite: Designing Better Products Faster. Certified TRIZ Practitioner Course Five-Day Workshop. Advanced level. Prerequsite: Advanced Practice TRIZ Course. At the end of the course students are certified as TRIZ Practitioners. TRIZ Consulting and Facilitation Our focus in TRIZ consulting Solving Participants Problems as a part of TRIZ training More... Breakthrough concept development More... Next product generation development More... Root cause analysis More... Product Unification More... Avoiding infringement of competitors patent More... Publications Designing Better Products Faster Using the Theory of Inventive Problem Solving Tool-Object-Product (TOP) ©1996-2013 TRIZConsulting, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 Home | Subscription contact | CCM API 0 ) Shopping Cart ${List.length} ${CCMProductName} ${ProductUnitPrice} Remove ${Price} Check Out My Account Account information Change password Email subscription Suggestion box My order My product Enter my database DIY report My favorite API access About CCM Who is CCM? CCM's service CCM's expert team CCM's research process CCM's data source CCM's client Contact us Products Databases Customized services Consultancy China Agricultural Map Event ${name} Market data Service Sample 1 Service Sample 2 Newsletters Service Sample 2 Market reports Service Sample 2 Trade analysis Hot release Content byte Service Sample( Text / Figure / Table / Group ) Build my database Products Market data Market reports Newsletters Trade analysis Hot release Databases Content Byte Consultancy Build my database Event ${name} Who is CCM? CCM's service CCM's expert team CCM's research process CCM's data source CCM's client Contact us Follow us Facebook Linkedin Sitemap econtact@cnchemicals.com 2014 13073277 -1 / 
 · CLL Exhibits at AAPS' 2009 to be held at Los Angeles, CA,USA. · CPHI, Mumbai Dec 01-03, 200 9 · APEDA Approval · IOPEA Member. CLL is now a member of IOPEA. (INDIAN OILSEEDS PRODUCE EXPORTERS ASSOCIATION). “We assist organizations to achiev e (pdf format) India 
 Home Page Services Affiliations Resources Capabilities Contact IAS Welcome to Industrial Analytics Test and Services Price List click here (PDF) Services Request Form click here (PDF) Chain of Custody Statement click here (PDF) Industrial Analytical Services, Inc. is a leading analytical testing laboratory that possesses a variety of testing capabilities. Certain applications require certain laboratory analytical expertise. Our scientists are qualified industrial analysts, who focus on generating the appropriate data needed to solve our client's needs. We provide our clients with high-quality problem solving services by utilizing the analytical skills of our chemists and microbiologists in conjunction with state of the art scientific equipment. Standard turnaround time is typically three business days and all reports generated can be emailed or faxed. All data collected and test results generated are considered strictly confidential. Contact us for a for a FREE quotation on specific industrial chemistry testing needs. Share | Analytics News methylcyclohexanemethanol Analysis of water formethylcyclohexanemethanol available Release Date: 1/14/2014 NMR Capability We now have Nuclear Magnetic Resonance capability using a new 400mHz Bruker NMR. Unknown contaminant identification. Release Date: 1/30/2013 Chinese Drywall Information Addressing concerns about Chinese drywall defects.... Release Date: 5/12/2011 ASTM D1193 water testing lab ASTM D1193 (Water Testing Standards) approved.... Release Date: 5/5/2011 For all news release click here Readywebgo 
 Login Home Consultant Directory Events Resources Join Us CCN Blog About/Contact Us Home Looking for a consultant? The Chemical Consultants Network (CCN) is a non-profit organization of 500 chemists and Chemical Engineers who work as consultants. We hold monthly meetings on topics of interest to consultants and inform potential clients about our areas of expertise through this web site. CCN is a topical group of the Philadelphia Section of the American Chemical Society and is supported by the National AIChE. In the United Kingdom and Europe, see CICA Upcoming events CCN March 2014 Meeting: Networking with All Related to the Chemical or Life Science Industries 12 Mar 2014 5:30 PM • The Cynwyd Club, 332 Trevor Lane Bala Cynwyd, PA 19004 Recent blog posts Due to weather, dinner will begin early (6pm) for February meeting Joanne Leonard (Admin) Summary of New Website/Membership Benefits including Job Postings Dr. Keith D. Wing Please edit your profiles Dr. Keith D. Wing Livestreaming CCN Meeting Presentation - A Pilot Project Joanne Leonard (Admin) Opportunities in Surfactants and Polymers Dr. John Newport See Weekly Chemist, Biochemist and Chemical Engineer Job Boards in Member-Only Area! Dr. Keith D. Wing The new CCN web site is live! Joanne Leonard (Admin) The role that Science/Engineering basic research play in stimulating the economy Dr. Keith D. Wing © 2013 Chemical Consultants Network Chemical Consultants Nework is jointly supported by AlChE and ACS The ideas, advice and positions expressed by individual members of the Chemical Consultants Network are the member's own and not the responsibility of CCN or its sponsors, the American Chemical Society and the American Institute of Chemical Engineers. Powered by Wild Apricot Membership Software 
 Close Ad Chemical Consultant My Favorite Web Sites Angelfire - Free Home Pages Free Web Building Help Chemical Consultants forum Surfactants Encyclopedia My Favorite things about Angelfire. WALLACE H. PIPPIN, Ph.D. Chemical Consultant BUSINESS OBJECTIVE To provide quality Consulting (or Contracting) services dedicated to finding innovative but practical solutions to clients problems that will result in superior products and processes with reduced costs. AREAS OF EXPERTISE Latex [and Emulsion] Polymers Adhesives, Coatings, Nonwovens, Rug Backing Polymer Technology Acrylics, Polyesters, polyethers, Polyamides, Urethanes Paper Technology Creping Processes, Chemical Formulations and Mill Support Surface Active Agents Anionics, Cationics, Nonionics and polymerics Materials Analysis DSC, TGA, TM, DMA Rheology SERVICES Product/Process and Formulation Development Chemical and Technical Problem Solving Evaluation of Technical Feasibility and Market Potential. Technical Support and Trouble-Shooting Planning and/or Evaluation of Experiments and Research Proposals Literature Searching, Market Evaluation and Cost Analysis. Expert Witness CAREER CAREER Prior to entering consulting, Dr. Wallace Pippin has had 36 years of diversified corporate background in the chemical industry with Air Products and Chemicals, General Electric, Henkel Corporation, Rohm and Haas and Scott Paper. His background includes positions in research, product and process development and laboratory management. In 1964, Dr. Pippin joined Rohm and Haas as a research chemist where he acquired an exhaustive knowledge of anionic, cationic and free radical solution polymerization of both polymerics and surfactants. During this time he developed several new industrial surfactants (including Triton DF16, DF18 and X67) and biocides (B594) and a [patented] a novel chemically degradable surfactant and biocide based on glucose chemistry. In 1974, Dr. Pippin joined Air Products and Chemicals as a Senior Research Chemist where he directed a group conducting synthetic research and development of new and improved emulsion polymers. His accomplishments include development of an original high-solids paper coating latex (Vinac 855-Patent granted in 1981) and unique monomer designed to yield special rheological properties while reducing costs for several existing products (including Airflex 120) . His group developed and successfully implemented manufacture of ethylene-vinyl chloride latex technology (Airflex 4000 series-new line of products). In 1979, he joined Scott Paper where he established and directed a Materials Analysis laboratory, involved in developing specialized creping adhesives (two patents). The knowledge base he assembled for monomeric and polymeric materials was used in implementing new papermaking technology in the US, Canada (Cottonell), Australia and UK (Evergreen took over major portion of market within one year). In 1988, Dr. Pippin became a Senior Project Engineer in the personal health care and cleaning area. He directed projects that developed a financially successful (est. sales $50MM/yr) polymeric wound gel for Scott Health Care Division (NormGel and HyperGel) and successfully implemented a modified wet creping process for the Towel Division, reducing costs by $2MM/yr with no loss of quality. In 1992, Dr Pippin joined the Henkel Corporation as a Technical Service Manager in surfactants. There, he designed , built and managed a surfactant laboratory. In addition he acted as a Senior Advisor to Henkel (USA) RD on "Green" Surfactant Projects (Disponil A and G series) and was instrumental in transferring many commercial products from Germany to North American production facilities (on-time and within or under budget). He is the holder of 8 US and International patents. 201 Royal View Drive West Chester, PA 19382 Phone: (610) 431 4942 Fax: (801) 858 9595 e-mail: wally5645@yahoo.com Email: whpaa@rcn.com 
     Chemistry - Consulting Chemist Ronald Zager Associates LLC                                      Specializing in: fluorochemical Prior to founding Ronald Zager Associates LLC Unistar      Projects have included: Expert witness and Litigation assistance for Attorneys Process development and optimization for fluorocarbon manufacture Productivity improvement for chemical manufacturing plants Development of analytical tests for hazardous materials Company evaluation and feasibility study for venture capital group Process comparison and evaluation for chemical manufacture International technology transfer Lubricant development Technical report writing Literature searches Presentation on New Product Development at Industrial Seminar Technical and operational Responsibility for Biodiesel Manufacture LLC Ronald Zager Associates LLC rzager@chemconsultants.com 
 Company Overview Company Profile Search This Site HOME PAGE S cientific S olutions Wins Award S cientific olutions BRAND NEW! Practical Guide to ICP-MS: A Tutorial for Beginners The 3rd Edition of Rob Thomas' s very successful ICP-MS textbook, Interested in a 20% discount? A Beginners Guide to ICP-MS published in Click here for all tutorials Selection of ICP-MS Publications Some recent ICP-MS publications authored by Rob Thomas , OUR SERVICES Scientific Writing Consulting Services Website Design Magazine Publications Training HOME PAGE I've been a volunteer for the past four years. I 
 Home About Us Company Overview Management Team Staff Facilities Technologies Technology Licensing Licensed Technologies Patents Services Catalyst Design Materials Research Engineering & Fabrication Analytical Services Consulting news Press Releases Publications Newsletter contact us About Us Eltron RD is over 30 years old and has experience in catalysis, materials, chemicals, analytical services, engineering design, prototype development, and technology feasibility studies. learn more Technologies Eltron RD’s diverse portfolio consists of hundreds of technologies that range from catalysts to membranes, sensors to polymers, water purification technologies to material coatings. learn more Services Engaging Eltron can help speed time to market and reduce risks associated with introducing new technology. In essence, our Ph.D. scientists and engineers are an "instant RD" team that's ready to complement your in-house staff and help you adjust to industry trends. learn more News Our activity level has significantly picked up and we want to keep our partners and customers informed through our Quarterly Newsletter. learn more Contact Us Eltron RD is located in Boulder, Colorado. There are a variety of things to do, places to eat and local hotels during your visit. learn more Solutions Contract Research Development Eltron RD offers comprehensive Contract RD Services , supporting RD teams with the expertise and resources required to rapidly move technology from the lab to the marketplace. Eltron RDs Contract Services enable cost-effective proof of concept, feasibility determination, economic validation and prototype development. Technology Licensing Eltron RD has produced 76 patents, of which 29 have been commercially licensed. Licensing intellectual property from Eltron RD can help companies more quickly develop their technologies and accelerate time to market. Tech briefs describing licensing opportunities are available here . Equipment Fabrication We also provide Fabrication Services through our affiliate, Continental Technologies . Transforming concepts into prototypes and pilot-scale systems, Continental Technologies designs, builds and operates equipment for many applications. More Solutions Innovative People Solving Technical Problems For over 30 years, Eltron RD has helped leading global technology developers investigate and validate the technical and economic feasibility for commercial application of new technologies. Our interests are broad. Our skills diverse. Our people are solving difficult technical problems. Eltron RD provides technology solutions to many industries. Our passion for innovation is supported by our strength in chemistry and experience in: ■Energy and Fuels - Clean and sustainable energy, novel biofuels synthesis, fuel reforming, gasification, sequestration More About Us Latest News September 9, 2013: Eltron RD Refractory Coated Portable Helipad Technology Awarded Phase I Option more... September 20, 2012: Eltron RD Nanoparticle Agglomerate Technology is ISCo Finalist more... April 10, 2012: Forbes - Relief from High Gas Prices is on the Way more... March 27, 2012: Energy Biz - Alternative Uses for Coal Stuck in Neutral more... November 30, 2011: NASA takes tech proposals from 11 Colorado small businesses more... October 3, 2011: Colorado Energy Projects Move Along with $900 Million in Stimulus more... All News Archive About Us Company Info Services Technologies affiliates Continental Technologies Eltron Water Systems The BioCompactor Company Join In Sign Up for our newsletter Downloads Press Releases Podcasts Visit us on Facebook Copyright 2013 Eltron Research Development Inc. All rights reserved. Legal Notices | Sitemap 
 Saved Resumes (0) Science & Engineering Consultants Experts at Finding Technical Experts Toll Free: Home Areas of Expertise Agriculture Experts Analysis / Test Methods Experts Bio Technology Experts Business / Marketing Experts Ceramic / Glass Experts Chemistry Experts Composites Experts Computer / Software Experts Cosmetics Experts Electrical Experts Electronic Experts Energy Experts Engineering Experts Environment Experts Food and Beverage Experts Forest and Wood Products Experts Geo Science Experts Insurance Experts Legal: Forensics, Product Liability Experts Legal: Intellectual Property Experts Manufacturing Experts Materials Engineering / Physical Chemistry Experts Medical Device Experts Merger and Acquisitions (MA) Experts Metals Experts Nanotechnology Experts Pharmaceutical Experts Physics / Optics / Magnetics Experts Polymers / Fibers / Films / Coatings Experts Regulatory Compliance Experts Safety / Risk Assessment Experts Transportation Experts Legal Clients Client Sectors Case Histories Testimonials Law Firms Served Legal Blog Client Sectors Agriculture Biotechnology Chemicals & Specialty Chemicals Electrical / Electronic Energy and Renewable Energy Engineering / Manufacturing Insurance Legal Mergers & Acquisitions Pharmaceutical / Biopharmaceutical / Medical Devices / Regulatory Polymers, Films, Elastomers, Fibers, and Coatings Pulp and Paper Safety, OSHA and HAZMAT Testing and Analysis Services Material Properties & Processing Expert Witness Interdisciplinary Preliminary Design Regulatory Compliance Technical Due Diligence About Us Officers & History Working With CECON Links Market Literature Contact Us Consultant Login Full-Service Support for Finding Technical Consultants and Expert Witnesses Search by Keyword Contact Us for a Free Custom Search Search by Expertise Technical Consultants We offer consultants with expertise in biofuels , composites solar , medical devices services include technical due diligence regulatory compliance Legal Expert Witnesses We fully support law firms and insurance companies in patent infringement product liability , toxicology Recent Activities A CECON energy Recent Articles Vitamins: Don’t Take Them for Granted How to Hire an Expert Read more on our blog The CECON Legal Connection Our Areas of Expertise include: Agriculture Experts Analysis / Test Methods Experts Bio Technology Experts Business / Marketing Experts Ceramic / Glass Experts Chemistry Experts Composites Experts Computer / Software Experts Cosmetics Experts Electrical Experts Electronic Experts Energy Experts Engineering Experts Environment Experts Food and Beverage Experts Forest and Wood Products Experts Geo Science Experts Insurance Experts Legal: Forensics, Product Liability Experts Legal: Intellectual Property Experts Manufacturing Experts Materials Engineering / Physical Chemistry Experts Medical Device Experts Merger and Acquisitions (MA) Experts Metals Experts Nanotechnology Experts Pharmaceutical Experts Physics / Optics / Magnetics Experts Polymers / Fibers / Films / Coatings Experts Regulatory Compliance Experts Safety / Risk Assessment Experts Transportation Experts Consultant Login The CECON Group, Inc., 242 N. James Street, Suite 202, Wilmington, DE, 19804 Copyright 2014 The CECON Group, Inc. All Rights Reserved. You have no Saved Resumes Add resumes within our various Ares of Expertise by clicking "Add Resume(s)" below. Add Resume(s) 
 Home Contact Sitemap Login The polymer specialists ChemPilots R Production QA/RA Benefits Working with us Facilities References About us Print Page Chempilots a/s Rugmarken 24-26 3520 Farum Denmark T +45 4495 1661 F +45 4495 7887 mail@chempilots.dk www.chempilots.com The polymer specialists Chempilots develops and producesunique polymer-based materialsolutions for medical devices, combination products and pharmaceuticalson a contract basis. We have a wide range of research and production facilities supporting: Custom polymer synthesis Custom formulation Specialty materials production Medical device product development Controlled drug release systems development Headquartered in the Medicon Valley area of Copenhagen, Denmark, Chempilots serves customers throughout Europe and North America. Medical device product development Custom polymer synthesis Controlled drug release development Millions of hospital infections to be prevented. Read more about our involvementas partnerin a project for the DNATF. Ture Kindt-Larsen Elastyrene award 2012 recipient . More than 100 international patents list Chempilots staff as inventors or contributors on patents owned by our customers . R Production QA/RA Benefits Working with us Facilities References About us Copyright Chempilots a/s, 2006-2013. All rights reserved. Legal notice Privacy policy 
