 Slam Dunking! photos/mainpic06.jpg Checkout Rainbow's legs photos/mainpic01.jpg Having fun at Club Getaway photos/mainpic02.jpg I think we got down this spinning thing photos/mainpic03.jpg Ten Basketballs Spinning photos/mainpic04.jpg Yes she can sing photos/mainpic05.jpg Welcome to the Court Jesters! If you are looking for a great family night while raising money for your community, you''ve come to the right place. The Court Jesters are a group of highly talented former college and professional basketball players with great showmanship skills! The Jesters will come to your community and play against a team that you put together. Learn more about the Court Jesters Âť Oct 12, 2015 Anti Bullying Everywhere Feb 11, 2014 BOOK NOW FOR SUMMER CAMPS USA Jan 22, 2014 HALL OF FAME PARTIES SPRINGFIELD MA Jan 22, 2014 Special Events,Assemblies and Bar/Bat Mitzvahs Everywhere Oct 11, 2013 Winter and Spring Booking USA Home | About Us | About the Team | Player Profiles | Events/News | Reviews | Camp | Photo Gallery | Video Gallery | Shopping | Contact Welcome to The Original Harlem Wizards of Basketball Let's Go. High Squad, C-4, DK, OZONE, FX, REFLEX, ECLIPSE and their respective logos are property of Be sure to visit us at Acrodunk Home Site(www.acrodunk.com) Myspace (www.myspace.com/teamacrodunk) High Impact Squad's website(www.highimpactsquad.com) XDB's website(www.xdbtour.com) 281-467-2288 - Contact Information Site Designed at Planet of Junk Contact Us Home About Us Schedule An Event The Team Tour Schedule News Sponsors School Program Team Shop Kid Zone Mission Statement History HA and Our Troops FAQs How to Host a Game 10 Great Reasons Testimonials What You Get Economy Could this Fundraiser Work for You? Organizer Resources Players Staff Interested Performers? HA in the News Videos Reporter Resources Celebrity Participants Certain aspects of this site require JavaScript to be enabled. If you are seeing this message, please enable JavaScript for this site. The standing-room-only crowd not only saw some of the greatest basketball in America, they also were witness to some of the funniest comedy... MORE Bob Salmon, The Herald Chronicle, Winchester, Tennessee NEW GAME Highlights VIDEO courtesy of Brainerd Daily Dispatch Thinking about hosting an event? Watch a 30 SECOND VIDEO Slam dunks and smiles tough economic times success stories with everything you need Call us : 1-888-386-4667 INTERESTED IN BECOMING AN AMBASSADOR? Click here to apply Sign up for our eClub today! || Fan Poll How did you hear about the Harlem Ambassadors? On the radio In an ad Through an e-mail From a friend About Us | Contact Us | Tour Schedule 2014 Harlem Ambassadors Site by AllBrand.nu Buy Tickets! India View More Making Globetrotter Basketball More FUN! Globetrotter Nation Wow! Check out these amazing moves by some of the world's greatest dribblers, Harlem Globetrotters "TNT," "Too Tall" and "Firefly"! Go here to get your tickets for Amazing Family Fun Find us on Google+ The Amazing Race All-Stars Flight Time and Big Easy #TeamGlobetrotters (0:28) Dunk Cam Globetrotter Style (0:21) February 25, 2014 High School Senior Joins Wilt Chamberlain in the Record Books Kevin Grow will become the first player to join both Philadelphia 76ers and Globetrotters since Wilt Chamberlain Kevin Grow has down syndrome and has been the manager of the Bensalem High School basketball team for four years. His coach let him... February 21, 2014 Globetrotter Highlights of the Week: #DunkCam, The Amazing Race and Crazy Trick Shot There's always something exciting happening with the Globetrotters. Sometimes too many things! Every week, we'll recap the most popular posts so here are your Globetrotter Highlights of the week: February 18, 2014 Sweetwater Elected to the Hall The Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame recently announced that former Harlem Globetrotter Nat â? Clifton is among the first five members elected to the Hallâs Class of 2014. Clifton, who passed away on August 31, 1990, was elected by the Early African-American Pioneers Committee... Event Search Block: Clinics Clinic Info FAQS Locations Team Current Roster All-Time Roster Draft History Legends Get Tickets Full Schedule International Group Discounts Fan Reviews #Vote Multimedia Videos Globetrotter Nation Video Games Free Mobile Game News Store United States International Goodwill Bullying Prevention C.H.E.E.R.â˘ Junior Phenom S.P.I.N.â˘ Smile Patrolâ˘ Position: Showman Height: 5 Weight: 155 lbs Make #YOURRULE: Trick Shot Challenge View Profile Position: Showman Height: 6 Weight: 175 lbs Make #YOURRULE: Trick Shot Challenge View Profile Position: Showman Height: 6 Weight: 218 lbs Make #YOURRULE: Trick Shot Challenge View Profile Position: G Height: 6 Weight: 190 lbs Make #YOURRULE: Make or Miss View Profile Position: Showman Height: 6 Weight: 250 lbs Make #YOURRULE: Make or Miss View Profile Home Official Partners Stay Connected Stay connected and get the latest Globetrotter news including Harlem Globetrotters Deals Discounts delivered to your email inbox or mobile phone. first name: * last name: * email address: * Zip Code: * You are 13 or older Click here to view our privacy policy Login Follow us on Twitter Subscribe on Youtube Copyright ÂŠ2014 Harlem Globetrotters All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy Clinics Austin Dallas Denver Houston Kansas City Los Angeles Miami New Jersey Phoenix Portland San Diego San Francisco Seattle St. Louis Washington DC Team All-Time Current Roster Draft History Tickets Bench Experience Group Promotions Globie Birthday Bash Full Schedule International GT Nation News #FansRule Dude Perfect Trick Shots Videos Our Story History Store United States International Corporate Partners Anti-Bullying C.H.E.E.R.â˘ S.P.I.N.â˘ Smile Patrolâ˘ Be a Sponsor Employment Contact Sports Entertainer - Motivational Speaker - Basketball Instructor p 201.725.7224 | Contact Info "Mighty Mike" Simmel has been thrilling fans with his own unique blend of basketball trickery for years. His half time displays are known throughout the country. He has also become an acclaimed motivational speaker and instructor with an emphasis on personal achievement by overcoming obstacles. A member of the world famous Harlem Wizards, Mighty Mike prides himself on providing a high quality performance no matter the audience. Dribbling Four Balls Amazing Halftime Show Making a Friend FOX TV 8 Wake Forest Summer Camp Feature Princeton Univ Halftime Show Pepsi Profile Athlete-RNN News More Media Press WHO IS Mighty Mike Simmel, professional entertainment basketball player of the world famous Harlem Wizards, camp clinician and motivational speaker, will give all audiences a unique and fun-filled experience. Each performance or basketball lecture series combines basketball entertainment with the substance to teach and learn basketball skills. Mighty Mike is considered by many to be one of the most diligent and skillful young performers in the basketball entertainment and camp industry today. LEARN MORE Mike receiving the 2009 TOYA Award by the US Junior Chamber of Commerce Mike being honored at Yankee Stadium during Disability Awareness Night VIEW MORE PHOTOS Home About Mighty Mike Simmel Blog Events Programs Camp Lectures Exhibition Halftime Shows Events School Assembly Programs Motivational Speaking Mighty Mike Summer Camps Media Press Room Photo Album The Bounce Out the Epilepsy Awareness Program Booking Information Shop Mighty Mike Store Contact Mighty Mike Simmel and Mighty Mike Basketball ; Allendale, New Jersey p 201.725.7224 | Contact Info ÂŠ 2003 -2013 Copyright Mighty Mike Basketball LLC, All Rights Reserved Mighty Mike Basketball and Bounce Out The Stigma are Trademarks of Mighty Mike Basketball LLC and The Bounce Out the Stigma Project Website desgin by Web Hound Studios about Us Merchandise Event Photos contact Us Celebrity Event Schedule testimonials camp registration the Founder the Legends Welcome to the Michael Douglas Youth Foundation Harlem Legends Basketball Entertainers The Michael Douglas Youth Foundation is committed to helping to provide positive and educational activities for communities and organizations around the globe. The organization was founded by legend Michael Douglas , a former Harlem Globetrotter and the Harlem Legends basketball team. brings together motivational speakers, NBA stars, Harlem Legends members, and entertainers to raise money for non-profit organizations, enrich communities across the nation and teach youth how to succeed in the game of life. The Harlem Legends were founded and are led by Michael Douglas and are a part of the Michael Douglas Youth Foundation . The MDYF utilizes the Harlem Legends to carry out the mission and activities of the youth foundation. The Harlem Legends are a group of professional athletes, former players of the Harlem Globetrotters, NBA, NFL, and past USA Olympians and other professionals. The Michael Douglas Youth Foundation has been chosen as an advocate for the President's Fitness Challenge. http://www.presidentschallenge.org/ The Harlem Legends will take the lead in being role models for our youth and society through our activities such as our Hoops Health Campaign, Shoot for the Stars Basketball Physical Fitness Camps, Celebrity Basketball Shows and Motivational Programs. What the Harlem Legends do: Youth Basketball Camps Celebrity Basketball Games Motivational Forums Corporate World Globeshotter: Festival Event Evening of Sports History Shoot for the Stars The Shoot for the Stars Youth Basketball Camps and Clinics are a unique form of learning experiences geared towards young basketball players of all skill levels. believes that the skills of basketball must be stressed while also highlighting the skills necessary to win in the game of life. The Shoot for the Stars Basketball Camps and Clinics will allow participants to meet and spend one week of camp with special guest professional athletes, former members of the world-famous Harlem Globetrotters and former NBA players. The camp is geared towards teaching youth the fundamentals of basketball while also stressing the importance of education and a drug-free lifestyle. developed the Shoot for the Stars Youth Basketball Camps and Clinics to teach youth to: Become physically fit Become a better athlete Understand the game of basketball Shoot down discouragement Rebound from poor self-esteem handle peer pressure Keep family values above the rim. The Shoot for the Stars Youth Basketball Camps and Clinics will provide insight about how substance abuse, gang activity and violence negatively impacts the student athlete. We emphasize the importance of physical activity and education throughout life. If you are interested in signing up for a Basketball / Physical Fitness Camp or finding out additional information, click here . The Harlem Legends will provide this recreational service to help raise money for summer programs that are geared towards our youth. It is possible to create a camp or clinic that allows you to raise money for your organization. Please contactus today for information on how to schedule one of the fundraising events we offer. Celebrity Basketball Games The Harlem Legends travel around the globe assisting other organizations and teams in their fundraising needs via our Celebrity Basketball Challenge. We are available for Your Organization -vs- The Harlem Legends. The Celebrity Basketball Game is an entertaining community event that will help the local organizations raise money to provide positive activities to the youth throughout the year. The organizations involved recognize that youth need positive, structured activities and that communities are eager to create those activities. Fees for the Celebrity Basketball Game are based on the seating capacity of the venue. Motivational Forums Our professional athletes, entertainers and community leaders appear as motivational speakers at schools, churches and youth organizations. We offer some exciting programs including: "An Evening of Sports History with Former Harlem Globetrotters" and "Making the Grade: How to Obtain a College Scholarship for Your Extra Curricular Activities". We also provide services to companies and organizations (i.e. autograph signing and appearances) at promotional events (i.e. grand openings, store promotions and commercials). The Motivational Forum is an intriguing experience that enlightens and uplifts participants of all ages and backgrounds. A member of the Motivational Forum is available to speak to any size audience. Topics discussed include:a history of the Harlem Globetrotters (a great event for Black History Month - video optional), how to succeed in the game of life (shoot down discouragement, rebound from poor self-esteem, handle peer pressure, and keep family values above the rim), and how to obtain an athletic scholarship. The Harlem Legends speak about the need for individuals to overcome obstacles in their lives and maintain a positive attitude regardless of their personal challenges. The speakers are open to share their personal stories of struggle and success, both on and off the court. The speakers are ideal motivators in various group settings: churches, schools, community organizations, and companies. In addition, speakers are great for various events: Red Ribbon Week, Awards Banquets, Black History Month, Team-Building Seminars, Wellness Weeks, and more! Structure of Appearance : Introductions Question and Answer Session The Corporate World We help companies and organizations promote their products and services by appearing at promotional events such as grand openings, in-store promotions and commercials. The Harlem Legends will dazzle your crowd with their basketball magic, take pictures, sign autographs, hug babies and help you make your special event and overwhelming success. In addition, this unique form of entertainment will allow participants and customers a golden opportunity to meet and greet a true Legend. We'll do all the work; you'll get all the credit. Our mission is to team up and make a difference. Structure of Appearance : Introductions The Globeshotter: Festival Event The Globeshotter is an excellent attraction at festivals and expos. This is a unique event that enhances festivals by allowing participants an opportunity to meet and greet former members of the Harlem Globetrotters. Additionally, the participants have an opportunity to win autographed basketballs, sports plaques, t-shirts, hats and other merchandise by trying "2 Shots for $2". We provide our portable basketball goal. Evening of Sports History: Featuring a Legendary Harlem Globetrotter The evening (morning or afternoon is fine too)consists of a one hour video about the World Famous Harlem Globetrotters, a trivia contest based on the video ( the format is simular to the popular television program), a motivational message, and question and answer period. The entire event is hosted by a HarlemLegend. The event is an educational and fun activity for all ages. Prizes will be given to audience members with the correct answers during the trivia segment. This unique form of entertainment will allow participants a golden opportunity to meet and greet a Harlem Legend - a former member of the world-famous Harlem Globetrotters. The Legend is available to sign autographs and dazzle the crowd with basketball magic! We also offer the program to feature the "History of the NFL: with a Former NFL Athlete", "History of the NBA: with a Former NBA Athlete" and "The Olympics: with a Former Olympian". Structure of Appearance : 2-hour Presentation (approximately) Question and Answer Session Trivia contest based on Video Harlem_Legends_Tour_Show_Flyer_North_Gwinnett_2014_-2.pdf Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  about Us Â Â Â Â Â  the FounderÂ  Â Â Â Â  the Legends Â Â Â Â Â  event schedule Â Â Â Â Â  registration Â Â Â Â Â  testimonials Â Â Â Â Â  contact Us Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  click here . Michael Douglas Youth Foundation. All rights reserved. NBA | D-LEAGUE | WNBA MOBILE | FANTASY GAMES | NBA TV | STORE | TICKETS | HELP NBA.com Home Page NBA All-Star Game The 'got milk?' Rookie Challenge NBA All-Star Jam Session Presented by Fleer 989 Sports All-Star Hoop-It-Up 1 800 CALL ATT Shootout NBA.com Slam Dunk presented by RealOne SCHEDULE PARTICIPANTS HISTORY Kobe Goes Home Again West raced past the East 135-120 . Kobe's best friend, Tracy McGrady, scored 24 for the East and had the top highlight, a perfect in-traffic alley-oop off the glass to himself .   Watch T-Mac: 56k 300K Photos: Kobe | Celebrities | Index J-Rich's Twirl Jam Rocks Richardson also Rookie MVP Stojakovic shows silky shot Kobe was king for a day. The All-Star Experience E. Brand diary: Fri. | Sat. | Sun. J. O'Neal diary: Fri. | Sat. | Sun. Tamika Catchings diary Media session was a mouthful Lobby-ing for players' arrivals Portrait of the Artists Giving All-Star Weekend a high-five J, Q look 'Rich' at Rookie Challenge Saturday night near-monarchy Oh, Zo happy to be an All-Star INSIDE STUFF ON THE SCENE: Send in an audition tape and Show Us Your STUFF! Payton, Kidd join Li'l Bow Wow on movie set Rasheed Wallace's video game tourney Ervings get into the music business Club NBA rocks Jam Session All-Star Entertainment the list . Reebok All-Access Pass Reebok's All-Access Pass . WNBA stars hang with Philly's best All-Star '02 to reach 2.5 billion All-Star '02 broadcast: 210 countries WNBA players talkin' All-Star NBA TV to air live from Philly Jr. NBA, WNBA All-Stars announced GLOBAL TALENT AT ALL-STAR: International talent displayed at NBA All-Star 2002 Stojakovic, Turkoglu among Saturday stars HISTORY: All-Star Game historical photo gallery 1992: Magic's magical moment 1993: Jazz duo plays sweet music Year-by-year Slam Dunk results 56k 300k E-mail Sunday's top plays 56k 300k   E-mail Saturday's best   Rookies top sophs Capture Kobe's All-Star moment at the NBA Store Buy All-Star action photos Allen Iverson gets pregame advice from Julius Erving on the art of wearing No. 6. NBAE/Getty Images Privacy Policy / Your California Privacy Rights and Terms of Use Ad Choices NBA.com Advertise on NBA.com | Career Opportunities | Help NBA | D-LEAGUE | WNBA MOBILE | FANTASY GAMES | NBA TV | STORE | TICKETS | HELP NBA ALL STAR Home All-Star Games Contests Ballot Records Tickets Contact All-Star Search Most Visited New Orleans 2014 Slam Dunk 2014 Slam Dunk Videos More Stuff Players Rookies Legends Coaches MVPs Rosters Volunteer Links Last News [LINK] All-Star Countdown Spanish Version AllStarNBA Sponsors You are here AllStarNBA.es Home Welcome to the NBA All-Star! EAST 163 - WEST 155 . MVP: Kyrie Irving NBA All-Star Game Recap East Team leaded by John Wall NBA Slam Dunk contest Marco Belinelli 3-Point Shootout Trophy . got another Skills Challenge Trey Burke . Second consecutive Shooting Stars Team Bosh . Grant Hill Team win 142-136. Pistons Andre Drummond More info and videos . Celebrity Game : East 60 - West 56. MVP: Arne Duncan More info . New York and Brooklyn confirmed to host the 2015 NBA All-Star Weekend. Toronto picked for will be the first non-US city to host the event. EXCLUSIVE LISTS: Which players were ? NBA All-Star-Game-Snubs menu . Every player since 1975 to 2014. and Overseas . best bench scorers Surf through 66 years of the NBA All-Star Weekend: All Time NBA All-Star Editions 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 Feedback Site Map | Add to Favorites Privacy Policy Global Teams Teams Atlanta Miami Boston Milwaukee Brooklyn Minnesota Charlotte New Orleans Chicago New York Cleveland Oklahoma City Dallas Orlando Denver Philadelphia Detroit Phoenix Golden State Portland Houston Sacramento Indiana San Antonio LA Clippers Toronto LA Lakers Utah Memphis Washington D-League WNBA Store here Espanol Traditional Simplified Tickets Schedule 3-D Tour nav item nav item Tickets Home Season Ticket Members Premium Seating Suites Season Tickets Partial Plans Groups Single Game Tickets Flash Seats Marketplace 3-D Seat Map Directions & Parking Schedule 2011-12 Rockets Schedule Download Schedule to Outlook Download Schedule to Mac or Google Printable 2011-12 Schedule nav item Rockets Roster Rockets Statistics 2011-12 Media Guide Rio Grande Valley Vipers (NBADL) nav item 2011-12 Features and Game Recaps News Archives RSS/XML News Feed 2011-2012 Media Guide Insider News and Offers nav item Video Gallery Follow us on Twitter Friend us on Facebook Insider News and Offers Rockets Mobile Alerts Wallpapers nav item My Fan Pics Memorial Hermann Sky Court Toyota Center Website nav item Leslie Alexander VIP Partner Card Employment Opportunities Become a Partner nav item Store Home New Arrivals Men Women Youth/Child Jerseys Apparel Gift Card NBA Store Community Home and Recent News Environmental/Green Initiatives 404 Not Found nginx Print One of the NBA's premier dance teams 2002-2003 Rockets Power Dancers October 24, 2002 - Here are your 2002-2003 Houston Rockets Power Dancers! We are in the process of re-launching an all-new Power Dancers section complete with video highlights of all 19 dancers, including interviews and an individual freestyle dance routine from each dancer! We hope to launch our new section in the coming days, so be sure to come back soon to check it out. MORE POWER DANCERS Dance Clinic I Dance Clinic II In-Action Video Clips Appearance Request Form The Houston Rockets Power Dancers are one of the premier dance teams in the NBA. This spirited and enthusiastic group leads Rockets fans in cheering for the home team, as well as performing explosive tumbling and creative high-energy dance routines. The 21-member squad first began dancing during the 1995-96 season and has since become popular entertainment at all breaks in the game. They perform at pregame player introductions, timeouts, halftime and postgame. Managed by the top choreographer in the league, they have changed the face of NBA dance teams with their high energy dance routines and spirited enthusiasm. TICKETS Season Ticket Members Season Tickets Partial Plans Groups Individual Games Suites Silestone Club Flash Seats Marketplace GAME NIGHT Fan A to Z Guide Parking Driving Directions Guest Drop Off Public Transportation Handicap Accessibility 3-D Seat Map RED NATION Twitter Facebook Rockets Videos RSS/XML News Feed Insider News & Offers TEAM SHOP Store Home Men Women Youth/Child Headwear Novelties Footwear NBA Store BUSINESS TEAM Leslie Alexander Community Efforts Employment Opportunities Toyota Center Vendors TOYOTA CENTER Toyota Center Website Rent the Arena/Book Event Arena Concessions Red & White Wine Bistro Levy Restaurants Public Tours Box Office Parking Contact Us Privacy Policy / and Terms of Use Ad Choices NBA.com Advertise on NBA.com | Career Opportunities | Help Sports Basketball Search NBA NCAA Fantasy Share Must Reads Heat's Big Three Cashing Out? Iowa Basketball Goes Mainstream LeBron's Jealous of Durantula Mark Cuban Isn't a Fan of Sleeves Kobe Not a Fan of Finesse Brian Ethridge About.com Basketball Sign up for My Newsletter My Bio Headlines Browse Topic The NBA Basketball 101 Fantasy Basketball Playing Basketball History International Basketball Blogs College Basketball Coaches Worth Knowing Doc Rivers After a successful tenure with the Boston Celtics, Doc Rivers will now try to lead the Los Angeles Clippers to a championship. Read More More Coaches Brad Stevens Mike D'Antoni Mike Krzyzewski Stars Hoping to Shine John Wall Anthony Davis Jason Collins Becomes First Openly Gay NBA Player Sunday February 23, 2014 When Jason Collins announced to the public that he was gay, many people wondered if he would ever play again in the NBA. Some teams didn't want to deal with the media attention that signing an openly gay athlete would bring to their locker room, while other teams passed on signing Collins because he's an aging player who doesn't have a lot left in the tank. It may have taken a few months, but finally an NBA team decided to make a statement to the professional sports world by signing Collins. The move officially makes him the first openly gay athlete in North America's four major professional sports. Read More... Comments (0) Permalink Share If Shawn Marion Ran the NBA Thursday February 20, 2014 Have you ever asked yourself how the NBA would look if the league was run by the players? Or better yet, what if the league was run by just one player? Dallas Mavericks veteran forward Shawn Marion may never get a chance to run the NBA, but that won't stop him from giving some advice to new commissioner Adam Silver. Marion touched on several topics that Silver likely deals with on a daily basis including the age limit and the salary cap. Read More... Comments (0) Permalink Share Marcus Smart Set to Return From Suspension Tuesday February 18, 2014 Marcus Smart is set to make his return to the basketball court this Saturday, February 22, against the Texas Tech Red Raiders . Smart, of course, was suspended three games for shoving a Texas Tech fan on Feb. 8 during Oklahoma State's disappointing loss. With the Cowboys currently on a seven-game losing streak, Smart will be under a lot of pressure to not only win, but to keep his emotions in check if things don't go his way. Read More... Comments (0) Permalink Share Will Russell Westbrook Hurt Kevin Durants MVP Run? Thursday February 13, 2014 Russell Westbrook plans to return to the basketball court on February 20 th when the Oklahoma City Thunder take on the Miami Heat. But will he do more harm than good for a team that has went 20-7 without him? Since Westbrook underwent arthroscopic surgery on his right knee, Kevin Durant has been nearly unstoppable and he's the clear frontrunner for league MVP. If Westbrook comes back, he will undoubtedly take touches away from Durant which could hurt him in the MVP race. Read More... Comments (1) Permalink Share See More Free Basketball Newsletter! Sign Up Explore Basketball Must Reads Heat's Big Three Cashing Out? Iowa Basketball Goes Mainstream LeBron's Jealous of Durantula Mark Cuban Isn't a Fan of Sleeves Kobe Not a Fan of Finesse Most Popular Basketballs Undefeated Teams Bird Rights 2014 NCAA Tournament: March Madness Site, Venue... NBA vs. NCAA Amnesty Clause Free Basketball Newsletter! Sign Up By Category The NBA Basketball 101 Fantasy Basketball Playing Basketball History International Basketball Blogs College Basketball Basketball About.com Sports Basketball Most Popular Latest Articles RSS Also from About.com: Calorie Count - Exercise Database Advertise on About.com Our Story News SiteMap All Topics Reprints Help Write for About Careers at About User Agreement Ethics Policy Patent Info. Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices and Cookie Policy 2014 About.com. All rights reserved. Join Our Mailing List Email: UPCOMING EVENTS Please check out our newest Hollywood Knights celebrity basketball team video on our VIDEO PAGE We are currently scheduling the upcoming Hollywood Knights celebrity basketball season starting in the Fall, 2013 Please fill out the booking form is you want the Knights to come to your school. Hollywood Knights International is a full-service celebrity events production and promotional firm. We specialize in producing Celebrity Fundraising Events (Basketball, Golf, Tennis, Skiing, Bowling, Poker, Softball, Paintball, Karting, and Yachting), Galas, Grand Opening Celebrations, Product Launches , and booking Public Appearances with American celebrities. We have successfully produced major events all over the world since 1973 and have raised millions of dollars for various charity organizations worldwide. HOME | ABOUT US | SERVICES | EVENTS | CLIENTS | MULTIMEDIA | CONTACT | SITEMAP Copyright 2008 HollywoodKnights.com all files are zipped Dunk Live Replay 2 Replay 4 Updated on 09/29/2000 at 100h30 Use these links for AVI (Cinepak) version GET PAYED to SURF. Be payed to share experience Be payed to red EMAIL's Home About Team Shows Video Extras Friends Contact Welcome to dunkshows.com The home of Slam Dunk Entertainment's Acrobatic Basketball Show: Project Dunk high-intensity... high-energy... high-impact... entertainment Our team is ready to amaze you at your next sporting event, corporate event, fair, festival or school assembly ...make your next event a Slam Dunk 2004-2014 Slam Dunk Entertainment www.dunkshows.com 
