 @tech-env.com Blast Protection Building Automation Building Programs Building Code CAD/CAFM Durability Guidelines Energy Management Control Systems Energy Documents Fire Safety Ground Source Heat Pump HASES Lighting Low Energy Building Design Photos Photos2 Reliabilty Retrofit Projects Risk Management Seismic Service Life Asset Management Thermography Documents by Author Name Objective/Objectif Links/Connexions Subscription Contacts/Represantifs Copyright Notice Most Active Documents 
 | | Overcoring - google selected headlines. .............................................................................................................................. Top | Universities Delft Univ. of Technology Lulea Univ. of Technology Michigan Tech Univ. of Minnesota Univ.y of Missouri-Rolla New Mexico State Univ. Univ. of North Dakota Queens Univ. at Kingston Univ. of Waterloo Lawrence Livermore Links AGU ISRM IJRMMS Lists Los Alamos Links MAP(CSU) List Material Properties User Agreement | Hydraulic Fracturing 
 iCivilEngineer The Civil Engineering Portal Search Search for: Go Home Home News Career Guide Software Guide Online Courses Sub-Disciplines Channels Landmarks Subscribe to RSS Home Latest News University uses driving simulator for vehicle-to-vehicle research While some students may think Patrick F. Taylor Hall is made up of typical lecture halls and engineering classrooms, they may not know about the driving simulator on the second floor. Sherif Ishak, professor and undergraduate coordinator of the University’s civil engineering program, and graduate research assistant Julius Codjoe are working on starting a new [...] Pedro Reis receives Early Career Award from National Science Foundation The National Science Foundation (NSF) announced recently that Pedro Reis will receive a 2014 Early Career Award from the NSF’s Structural Mechanics and Materials program for his project, “Smart Morphable Surfaces for Aerodynamic Drag Control.” The Early Career Award is the NSF’s most prestigious award for young researchers. Reis is an assistant professor in the [...] Computer models of tornadoes show possible sheltering region behind hills Using 3-D computer models, University of Arkansas researchers have demonstrated the influence of hills on tornadoes. Their models revealed that the height of a hill and the size of a tornados vortex have a significant effect on the tornados destructive power. The findings could be used to identify safer areas for construction. Read more at [...] UF Research Team Surveys Tornado Damage University of Florida researchers are evaluating the damage done after a powerful tornado ravaged Moore, Okla. UF engineering professor David Prevatt and his team of civil engineering students traveled to the city a few days after the storm that killed almost 30 people and injured nearly 400 others. The May 20 storm received the highest [...] Making cities more resilient in the face of natural disasters Short-sighted design is at the root of much of the destruction caused by environmental crises, whether it is flooding, earthquakes, tsunamis or other natural disasters. Buildings and critical infrastructure fail because they were not originally designed to withstand today’s intensified force of Mother Nature. However, technology can provide governments and engineers with essential feedback, offering [...] Team looks to steel tower power against storm Tornadoes and downbursts pound transmission towers across Ontario, causing not only huge economic losses from the needed repairs, but also the interruption of electric service to thousands of customers and businesses, which, in some cases, can be weeks to remedy. While Ashraf El Damatty cannot control when and where these severe weather patterns strike, he [...] Researchers unearth old canal used to build ancient capital in Kyoto A private excavation group based in Kobe has found the remains of a canal-like ditch likely used in the construction of the Heiankyo, which served as the capital of Japan a millennium ago, here in Kyoto’s Kamigyo Ward. The “Kodai Bunka Chosakai” group (ancient culture investigation group) said Oct. 17 that the discovery will make [...] FAA grant funds research for heated airport pavements A team of researchers from Iowa State has been given a Federal Aviation Administration grant for their research on making snow- and ice-free airport pavements. Halil Ceylan, associate professor in civil, construction and environmental engineering and part of the ISU research team, said that the grant is very prestigious, considering it is from a federal [...] travel along 56-mile fresh water pipeline to inspect it for first time in 50 years Eighty ‘aquanauts’ are travelling along the 56-mile pipeline that brings fresh water from the Lake District to Manchester for its first inspection in half a century. The Haweswater Aqueduct, which transports water from Cumbria to Heaton Park, is being emptied for two weeks to allow officials inside. The team of 80 engineers, dubbed ‘aquanauts’, will [...] U.S. Can Learn Valuable Lessons From Dutch Expertise on Sea-Level Rise Water connects the human experience, but a special connection exists between Florida and the Dutch. With common duties to manage floodwaters along exposed coastlines, and dense agricultural and urban environments threatened by the risks of sea level rise, water managers from the U.S. and the Netherlands can learn from one another. So, while the Florida [...] More Civil Engineering News ... Featured Photo iCivilEnginger Specials Infrastructure of 2012 London Olympic Games The 75th Anniversary of Golden Gate Bridge iCivilEngineer Populars Free Online Civil Engineering Courses Structural Analysis Software Links About Us Contact Us Find Civil Engineering Jobs @ CareerBuilder Search Jobs Attend Job Fairs Post Your Resume Seek Career Advice Subscribe Free Civil Engineering Magazines Roads & Bridges Petrochem Equipment Equipment World Underground Construction Contractor Better Roads Waste Mgmt World 2014 iCivilEngineer. All Rights Reserved. 
 Last Updated: 2007, September 8 Civil Engineering guidelines Civil Engineering URL-Stability Index Civil Engineering 97.0% index for each site rank See also General Engineering Water Science, Hydrology & Oceanology URL Stability Rank Society Name Abbrev. AIA AIAC AsMA AWMA ACAT AAS ABMA ACerS ACI ACSM AIAA AISC AISI APWA ASPRS ASCE AWWA ABAS ABECE ABMS ACADIA AIST AFGC AEG AGI BCA BGA CASI = IASC CDA = ACB CGS = SCG CIG = ACSG CITE CSCE = SCGC CWC = CCB CIA CSI CCSDS DGF DDL DGGT DVW JSCE = DGKM = MASE EG EEGS EAAP EARSeL FECIC FABI FPS IESNA ION ITE ICES ICE IHT IStructE ISA IBRACON IAASM = AIMAS IABSE = AIPC = IVBH IAHR = AIRH = AIIH IAF CIE ICOLD = CIGB CIPA ICB = CIB IFS = FIG = IVV IGA IGSHPA IISI IOA IPA ISPRS = IGPF = SIPT ISEE ISSMGE ITA = AITES INQUA IUTAM CGET JMO JGS KGS KSCE KST MCAA NABIE NCSEA NFPA NGWA NZGS NZIS JCI CerSJ ISIJ JSIDRE ASM OGE VG = ASG PJM = ISM PCA QRA RSPS REAM RAeS RIN RICS RINA SSCE SGPBF = SSPAIT SVVK = SSMAF SISV SCG SECV SOFRAMAS SHF SEM SSPC = SPC SCS Council plato.org.za PLATO SAICE = SAISI SPIE SBI SEAOI = ACEG . SGY SGF TAC = ATC CSAA CSTAM CHES CCES CICHE 
 Login | Register Products Bookstore Home Cost Data MeansCostWorks.com Reference Books DemoSource Insurance Training / Seminars Public Seminars On-Site Training NEW! Web-Based Training Online Tools MeansCostWorks.com QuickCost Estimator CustomCost Estimator Project Reporting Construction Dictionary Links Services Business Solutions Trade Sales RSMeans Advertising Contact Us About Us Help / FAQ Login Register Printer-friendly version of this page RS Means Site Login Click here User ID Your user ID is your e-mail address Password Remember my Login and Password Forget your password? here Important Notice Not Registered? Register Products: Bookstore Cost Data Costworks Online Reference Books Seminars DemoSource Insurance Online Tools: QuickCost Estimator CustomCost Estimator Project Reporting Construction Dictionary Links Services: Business Solutions Trade Sales RSMeans: Contact Us About Us Terms and Conditions of Use and Updated Privacy Policy 
 http://www.neccontract.com 
 If you have any questions, contact Yan Han at: hany [at] u.library.arizona.edu 
 University of Calgary Jump to Headline Jump to Navigation Jump to Content Jump to Footer RSS Facebook Twitter Home Prospective Students Current Students Alumni Community Faculty Staff Search UofC: IT HR My U of C Contacts bridge Submitted by aedowd on Fri, 2009-10-30 13:05. avalanche Submitted by aedowd on Fri, 2009-10-30 12:36. environment Submitted by aedowd on Fri, 2009-10-30 13:03. dam Submitted by aedowd on Fri, 2009-10-30 13:04. transportation1 Submitted by aedowd on Fri, 2009-10-30 13:05. transportation2 Submitted by aedowd on Fri, 2009-10-30 13:04. transportation Submitted by aedowd on Fri, 2009-10-30 12:37. Site Navigation Home About Undergraduate Graduate Research Forms Contacts Home Submitted by admin on Fri, 2010-01-08 15:48. PLEASE NOTE - PROSPECTIVE STUDENTS FOR THE PROJECT MANAGEMENT SPECIALIZATION The Department of Civil Engineering is temporarily suspending applications for admission to the PhD, MSc and MEng programs for the Project Management Specialization. Students currently enrolled in any degree program WILL NOT BE PERMITTED to transfer to a higher degree program. Students admitted to any other specialization within the Department of Civil Engineering WILL NOT BE PERMITTED to transfer to the Project Management Specialization. News and Notices Subscribe to this feed. Civil Engineering Timetables Submitted by kknollwi on Fri, 2010-07-16 10:04. Civil Engineering Timetables Undergraduate Fall 2011 / Winter 2012 Graduate Fall 2011 | Winter 2012 Graduate Admissions May 2014 Submitted by aedowd on Thu, 2010-06-10 14:31. Graduate Admissions May 2014 The online graduate admission application for January 2014 is now closed. We are currently accepting online applications for May 2014 admission. The deadline to apply online and submit all supporting documents for May 2014 admission is December 1, 2013 for international applicants and January 1, 2014 for Canadian citizens or permanent residents. more Upcoming Graduate Application Deadlines Submitted by aedowd on Mon, 2010-01-11 13:06. Upcoming Graduate Application Deadlines Winter 2013(January start)September 1 for Canadian residents;August 1 for international students. more More News and Notices Research Areas Avalanche Mechanics l Biomedical l Environment l Geotechnical l Materials l Project Management l Structures and Solid Mechanics l Transportation l Water Resources Undergraduate Degree Program Minors/specializations include transportation, structural and biomedical engineering; and energy and environment. More Graduate Studies The department provides excellent opportunities for research and full-time study leading to MSc and PhD degrees. The Master of Engineering (MEng) degree is also offered. More Navigation My Profile Contact Student Life in Civil GNCTR Quick Links Schulich School of Engineering SSE IT Support U of C Webmail Civil Faculty Project Management Campus Map University of Calgary Copyright © 2014 Privacy Policy About the University At a Glance Identity Standards Campus Maps Hotel Alma Careers at the University Events at the University Academics Departments Programs Undergraduate Studies Graduate Studies International Studies Continuing Studies Libraries at the University Campus Life Go Dinos! Residence Active Living Bookstore Graduate Students' Association Students' Union Media Publications News Media Centre U Today U This Week U Magazine University Calendar 
 The Transparency Movement Sets a New Standard Posted February 25, 2014 Lucas Hamilton and has 1 comment. Think about it, metrics for sustainability provide fact based defenses for faith based decisions. A Life Cycle Assessment (LCA) on an individual product is an example of a fact based defense for choosing a specific material. For example, say that you set a criterion of global warming potential as your decision making criteri0n. How could you compare vastly different types of material to learn which has a greater impact? Now you can because the LCA provides that level of information.  Now, if you look at sustainable buildings as opposed to sustainable materials the LCA is the natural way of taking the information and expanding it to the building level. Setting the correct discrete limits up front creates a potential for the limitless. We can take this same measurable global warming potential – and expand it across the whole building assembly.  Can we say that this building is more sustainable than another?  Absolutely we can – the metrics are in place. Simply pick what is important to you.  After all, sustainability means different things to different people. There are a whole range of important metrics that people can use in their consideration process. All the information is available and there are systems in place to be able to expand across the building such as the LCA. So it is now possible to defend your faith in sustainability with facts; as long as you understand the systems like LCA and the information that is available.  Maybe faith is making a comeback. What do you think? Share this: LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Google About Lucas Hamilton Categories: Building Science , green/sustainable Tags: LCA , Life cycle assessment , metrics , Sustainability , Transparency Transparency and Green Labels for The Home Posted February 14, 2014 Lucas Hamilton and has no comments yet. While I was waiting for my coffee to brew this morning in the office, I started reading the ingredients on the back of the sweetener I planned to use. There was one ingredient that I didn’t recognize. Being a scientist, I am naturally curious so I looked it up. I was shocked to find out that the sweetener contained an ingredient that emits formaldehyde above 92 degrees Fahrenheit. So I chose a different sweetener. How fortunate am I that I caught that and had the resources to understand what it was telling me. But how many people have no idea what some of this means? It made me think about the benefit and value of the emerging forms of transparency about the products that we buy and use in our homes. This information is very insightful and when we make it available in a form that people can digest and employ it has real value to customers and consumers.  An informed consumer is a better consumer and manufacturers are beginning to embrace the concept of transparency through Life Cycle Assessments, Environmental Product Declarations and Health Product Declarations. If you are interested in learning more about transparency in the building materials industry, I addressed this issue in a blog post . For a more in depth and current discussion of the topic, please consider attending the webinar I am conducting on Tuesday, February 18 from 12:00 – 1:00 pm EST titled Publications for Product Life Cycle Assessment .  This course is accredited with the American Institute of Architects (AIA) and the Green Building Certification Institute (GBCI). Share this: LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Google About Lucas Hamilton Categories: Building Science , green/sustainable Tags: building materials , Building Science , life-cycle analysis , Sustainability , Transparency IBS Insights: A Buzzworthy Recap Posted February 10, 2014 Angie Dye and has 2 comments. Last week, we spent three full days connecting with builders at the International Builders’ Show in Las Vegas. Throughout our conversations, there was an unsurpassed level of energy and optimism from the builder community. We were certainly proud to be a part of the action! For the first time, we extended the experience of the CertainTeed exhibit to builders who were unable to attend the show through daily recap videos . Our team was also very active on Facebook and Twitter to help spread the excitement of the show beyond the physical footprint of our exhibit. From a product perspective, there is definitely an evolution from passive to active products. These are the products that work for you even after they’ve been installed thanks to smart innovation and technology. Making its debut at the show, SMARTBATT TM with MoistureSense TM technology opens and closes in the right areas and keeps moisture out, ensuring optimal thermal efficiency, air tightness, moisture management, and acoustics. Several additional examples include exterior siding that boosts energy efficiency, drywall that actively scavenges indoor air for volatile organic compounds and photovoltaic roofing that generates energy for your home. While performance is a top priority for builders, curb appeal is still critical to their homeowner customers. To that end, CertainTeed launched an enhanced version of its free, web-based ColorView design and visualization tool. The on-site demonstrations were a hit among show attendees, who used the tool to mix-and-max colors and styles of CertainTeed siding, roofing, fence, railing, deck and trim. Overall, it was a great way to kick off 2014 and to showcase our people, products and knowledge. How was your experience at the show? Share this: LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Google Categories: Uncategorized IBS Insights: Water Damage Woes Posted February 5, 2014 Angie Dye and has no comments yet. Norm Abram from This Old House made a special visit to the CertainTeed booth today and answered questions from IBS attendees, which included the question: What is the number one downfall that destroys homes? Water. And it’s not just homes that are built with wood. There are buildings that I have seen over the years that were made out of metal and because of moisture they are destroyed. In some ways, you really need to treat a house like a human being. It’s similar to the clothes we wear that keep us warm or the athletic wear that wicks water away. Why not learn from that? We agree wholeheartedly with Norm, which is why CertainTeed had a dedicated building science team to tackle moisture management issues. And, there’s a host of resources at www.certainteed.com/buildingscience to help builders address the mayhem caused by unwanted moisture. Share this: LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Google Categories: Building Science , IBS Tags: Building Science , moisture management , water damage IBS Insights: Keeping Moisture out of Walls Angie Dye and has no comments yet. Kelly Warren, CertainTeed Insulation Product Manager, participated in a live QA session at the International Builders’ Show. Here’s a recap of the discussion: Q: Are there new approaches builders can use to reduce the liability of moisture and mold in wall cavities? Yes, one of the main concerns we hear from builders is how to keep moisture out of your walls. And that’s what our new product SMARTBATT does. It is a kraft-faced fiberglass batt insulation that has an integrated smart vapor retarder — which offers additional, enhanced drying capabilities in the wall cavity. In the summer, when it’s warm, moisture tries to get into your house. When it’s winter and it’s cold outside moisture tries to escape. The smart vapor technology that is incorporated into SMARTBATT opens and closes in the right areas and keeps moisture out. And, it rounds out the complete equation when it comes to comfort — thermal efficiency, air tightness, moisture management, and acoustics. Share this: LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Google Categories: green/sustainable , IBS , Insulation Tags: energy efficiency , Insulation , moisture management IBS Insights: Building Science Snapshot Posted February 4, 2014 Angie Dye and has no comments yet. Lucas Hamilton, Building Scientist Application Specialist, participated in a live QA session at the International Builders’ Show. Here’s a recap of the discussion: Q: What is building science and what does it mean for the future of the building industry? The underlying purpose of building science is to determine how to make all of the components of a home or building cohesive — so that all products work together effectively. We’re not only thinking about what a product does, but how it influences everything around it.  Using this approach, builders can better ensure the health, comfort, durability and sustainability for the lifetime of the building. Most people spend 90 percent of their time indoors ­— either at home or at the office — so healthy interior environments are extremely important.  Share this: LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Google Categories: Building Science , IBS IBS Insights: Ready for Action! Angie Dye and has no comments yet. We’re gearing up for an action-packed week at the International Builders’ Show (IBS) in Las Vegas. Representing the largest annual light construction show in the world, IBS offers a rich opportunity to connect with thousands of builders and learn more about building industry trends, best practices and new products. At the CertainTeed exhibit (#C2127) we will host several top-notch building gurus with a wealth of experience and valuable industry insights, which include: Ron Hazelton — Tuesday, February 4at 1 p.m. Norm Abram — Tuesday, February 4 at 3 p.m. Mike Holmes — Wednesday, February 5 at 3 p.m. And, our very own CertainTeed building products experts will take part in ongoing QA sessions on a wide range of topics, such as energy efficiency, exterior home design, solar roofing technology and more. If you are at the show, we encourage you stop by and join the conversation. If not, we’ll be collecting loads of information and insights that we’ll post here in the weeks ahead. Stay tuned! Share this: LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Google Categories: IBS Tags: builder , remodeler , residential construction Freeze and Thaw of Winter Can Cause Problems for Your Roof Posted January 23, 2014 Lucas Hamilton and has no comments yet. It’s been a crazy winter!  And we still have two months to go. Have you noticed all the potholes on the roads? Well, obviously, the potholes are the result of the freeze/thaw we have been going through.  The rapid swings in temperature can wreak havoc on the asphalt roads and cause them to fail. What’s the next biggest asphalt thing in your life?  It’s your roof.  Every time you see or don’t see and hit a pothole, think about your roof.  It might be worth the preventive maintenance to have a professional get up there and take a close look.  The continual heating/cooling can cause ice dams which occur when accumulated snow on a sloping roof melts and flows down the roof until it reaches an area cold enough and then refreezes, typically at the eaves. The ice formed in such a way often grows and “backs-up” the roof pushing its way under the shingles and damaging everything in its path. This is a situation that you want to identify early. If you have a professional look at your roof and need to make repairs or replace your roof choose your installer very carefully.  A roof that is installed improperly will not be covered by a manufacturer’s warranty. Make sure you choose an installer who not only is very experienced but is also credentialed by the manufacturer whose product they install. Very often you can find credentialed contractors at the manufacturer’s website . While there, why not also look for contractors who participate in “take-back” programs to divert your old roof from going into a landfill. Remember, whether you dodge or ford those potholes, they might actually be doing you a favor by reminding you to think about your roof. Share this: LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Google About Lucas Hamilton Categories: Building Science , Roofing Tags: asphalt , Building Science , ice dams , roof The 12 Months of Homebuilding by CertainTeed Posted December 22, 2013 Mike Loughery and has no comments yet. In the first month of homebuilding, my true love gave to me, a piece of land overlooking a scenic ravine. In the second month of homebuilding, my true love gave to me, an awesome set of architect house plan drawings. In the third month of homebuilding, my true love gave to me, a Form-A-Drain™ 3-in-1 Foundation footing system for drainage ease. In the fourth month of homebuilding, my true love gave to me, a high quality, two-story wood framed home built to please. In the fifth month of homebuilding, my true love gave to me, CertaWrap ™ weather-resistant barrier and Cedar Impressions® Polymer Shake Siding in ivy green. In the sixth month of homebuilding, my true love gave to me, thermally efficient Optima® blown-in wall insulation and Air Renew ™ drywall to rid me of those VOCs. In the seventh month of homebuilding, my true love gave to me, Ecophon® Focus Ds acoustic ceiling tiles for my media room and a 70-inch big screen TV. In the eighth month of homebuilding, my true love gave to me, a well-insulated attic filled with InsuSafe® SP. In the ninth month of homebuilding, my true love gave to me, a roof featuring Landmark Solaris ™ solar reflective shingles complemented with Apollo Solar Roofing® to make my own energy; In the 10 th month of homebuilding, my true love gave to me, an EverNew® LT Deck and a yard surrounded by a Chesterfield Vinyl Fence for privacy. In the 11 th month of homebuilding, my true love gave to me;  Restoration Millwork Trim ® to finish our dream; an EverNew LT Deck and a yard surrounded by a Chesterfield Vinyl Fencefor privacy; a roof featuring Landmark Solaris solar reflective shingles and complemented with Apollo Solar Roofing to make my own energy; a well-insulated attic filled with InsuSafe SP; Ecophon Focus D acoustic ceiling tiles for my media room and a 70-inch big screen TV; thermally efficient Optima blown-in wall insulation and Air Renew drywall to rid me of those VOC’s; CertaWrap weather-resistant barrier and Cedar Impressions Polymer Shake Siding in ivy green; a high quality, two-story wood framed home built to please; a Form-A-Drain 3-in-1 Foundation footing system for drainage ease; an awesome set of architect house plan drawings; and a piece of land overlooking a scenic ravine. In the 12 th month of homebuilding, my true love gave to me:  the keys to a brand new dream home built with CertainTeed….  Happy Holidays from all of your friends at CertainTeed! Share this: LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Google About Mike Loughery Categories: Ceilings , Deck , Drywall and Performance Wallboards , Fence , Housewrap , Insulation , RM Trim , Roofing , solar , Vinyl Siding Tags: building products , ceiling panels , gypsum wallboard , indoor air quality , Insulation , siding , solar roofing Wall Assemblies for Maximum Efficiency: How Many Layers is Too Many? Posted December 18, 2013 Lucas Hamilton and has 2 comments. Building professionals spend a lot of time dealing with production construction which has dialed in efficiencies and productivity to provide the maximum assembly for the cost per square foot.  The reality is in standard construction you build things in five or six layers. This is the standard in terms of building a wall system more efficiently and we have gotten it down to a science.  Generally a six layer home will give you a solid, energy efficient, comfortable home. Occasionally, I work with builders on projects that remind me of possibilities beyond what is the status quo.  I recently had an opportunity to work with a builder who was building a custom home whose wall systems had 13 layers.  This wall had so much redundancy and robustness built into it that I just had to ask for a chance to visit the project and see this masterpiece being built. This was the homeowner’s instruction: They wanted a thick wall, they wanted a silent wall, they wanted a highly efficient wall for them to own.  That’s one of the key’s to this discussion- the owner is focused on what comes afterwards- not what happened before. To achieve this goal the builder is employing a combination of traditional masonry materials and cutting edge products and systems.    In a similar fashion, a project that CertainTeed has been involved with at the Navy Yard in Philadelphia with Penn State achieves a similar goal but in a lighter and perhaps less massive assembly to create a highly efficient wall system that can provide comfort, improve indoor air quality, better acoustics but, and here’s the rub- to still be affordable by more typical consumers.  This was done by using a 2 x 8 construction – providing a deeper wall cavity – A Blown-in-Blanket Insulation System, Weather Resistant Barrier , a Smart Vapor Retarder and Air Barrier System, a Wallboard Solution, Rigid Insulation on exterior and Insulated Vinyl Siding . This created an R30.5 exterior wall. In both homes, products were used to address acoustics, indoor air quality and moisture control.  Do you need 13 layers?  Probably not but the pressure is certainly going to be on what layers remain to do more than they have in the past. Thoughts? Share this: LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Google About Lucas Hamilton Categories: Architecture , Building Science , Drywall and Performance Wallboards , green/sustainable , Housewrap , Insulation , Vinyl Siding Tags: acoustics , Architecture , Building Science , construction , energy efficiency , indoor air quality , Insulation , moisture management , net-zero building , R-value , Sustainability , wall assembly Next page Pages About CertainTeed Blog Comment Policy RSS Channels Subscribe to Blog via Email Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Categories Select Category Architecture Building Science Ceilings Deck Drywall and Performance Wallboards Fence Fiber Cement Foundations green/sustainable GreenBuild GridSTAR Navy Yard Housewrap HVAC IBS Insulation Pipe Railing Research RM Trim Roofing Social Media/Marketing solar Uncategorized Vinyl Siding Archives Select Month February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 RSS - Posts TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY 
 Sorry, an error occurred while loading the content. Home Mail News Sports Finance Weather Games Groups Answers Screen Flickr Mobile More Celebrity Shine Movies Music TV Health Shopping Travel Autos Homes Yahoo! Groups Search Groups Search Web Sign In Mail Help Account Info Help Suggestions Yahoo Welcome to Yahoo Groups. An extension to your real life group of friends, interests and communities. see video Sign In OR Start a New Group You must be a registered Yahoo user to start a group. Sign Up Featured Groups Business & Finance Computers & Internet Cultures & Community Entertainment & Arts Family & Home Games Government & Politics Health & Wellness Hobbies & Crafts Music Recreation & Sports Regional Religion & Beliefs Romance & Relationships Schools & Education Science Terms Privacy Guidelines Feedback Help Blog The Civil Engineer Public Group, 7935 members Conversations Photos Files Attachments Events Polls Links Database More About Help Attachments Events Polls Links Database Edit Membership Back About Group 1 New Member 0 New Messages 0 New Photos Welcome to the Civil Engineer mail exchange group, the largest civil engineering mailing group on the web. Join this group to exchange information on civil engineering issues. This mailing list is an activity hosted by The Civil Engineer website - A Center for Information Dissemination on Civil Engineering http://www.thecivilengineer.org . This list is moderated and no job opportunities announcements will be posted. To post job opportunities visit: http://www.thecivilengineer.org/forum/ Sincerely, Photo taken from the construction of Egnatia Odos tunnels, northern Greece (province of Macedonia) Group Website http://www.thecivilengineer.org Category Science/Engineering/Civil This is a public group. Attachments are permitted. Members cannot hide email address. Listed in Yahoo Groups directory. Membership does not require approval. Messages require approval. All members can post messages. Post Message: thecivilengineer@yahoogroups.com Subscribe: thecivilengineer-subscribe@yahoogroups.com Unsubscribe: thecivilengineer-unsubscribe@yahoogroups.com List Owner: thecivilengineer-owner@yahoogroups.com Message History 
 УНИВЕРЗИТЕТ У БЕОГРАДУ Пријава Ћирилица Latinica English КОНТАКТ АДРЕСАР ДОКУМЕНТА ВЕСТИ све категорије све категорије предм. материјали предм. обавештења документа вести Почетна Мој избор студентски живот реч више путеви у пракси отворени дан Упиши се кратко о нама уписни рок школарина потребни обрасци пријемни испити ранг листе Студије студијски програми предметне табле распоред часова распоред испита календар наставе пријава испита накнаде правила и упутства Наука и струка пројекти конференције издаваштво прописи курсеви О факултету реч декана историјат наставници катедре институти лабораторије библиотека свечана сала контакт фото: Inge Harsten Ђурђевића Тара - Мијат Тројановић, градња: 1937 - 1940 фото: Марко Глигоров Торањ на Авали - Угљеша Богуновић, Слободан Јањић и Милан Крстић, градња: 1961 - 1965 фото: Tours by Norm Хидроелектрана Ђердап 1, градња: 1964 - 1970 фото: James in Transit Објекти на прузи Београд-Бар, градња: 1952 - 1976 фото: Uroš Malenšek Мост Копно-Крк - Илија Стојадиновић, градња: 1976 - 1980 фото: Михајло Анђелковић Београдска Арена, градња: 1992 - 2005 фото: Војислав Вујанић Мост на Ади, градња: 2008 - 2012 1895 Програм за унапређење запошљивости МОЈ ИЗБОР 06-12-13 Универзитетски турнир EUROComillas2013 у Мадриду МОЈ ИЗБОР 29-11-13 IAESTE конкурс за стручну праксу у иностранству 2014. МОЈ ИЗБОР 27-11-13 Пријемни испит 2014. УПИШИ СЕ 18-12-13 УПИШИ СЕ УПИШИ СЕ Важно - радна субота СТУДИЈЕ 19-02-14 ВАЖНО - Промена распореда за К8 СТУДИЈЕ 18-02-14 Изашао распоред за летњи семестар СТУДИЈЕ 14-02-14 Научни скуп DailyMeteo 2014. у организацији ГРФ-а НАУКА И СТРУКА 11-02-14 Први српски конгрес о путевима НАУКА И СТРУКА 29-10-13 Предавање професора Владимира Либерзона НАУКА И СТРУКА 17-10-13 Остале вести Акција добровољног давања крви – 11. XII, Свечана сала Институт за трансфузију крви Србије редовно организује акције добровољног д... Факултетске вести Понедељак 11.11. нерадни дан! Обавештавају се запослени Грађевинског факултета да Факултет неће радити да... Факултетске вести Наслови вести сада су линкови На насловној страници наслови вести постали су линкови, па се до пуног текс... Факултетске вести СВЕ ВЕСТИ Нова документа Правилник о докторским студијама студијски правил Бодовање радова за докторске студенте студијски правил Конкурс за награду 'Веселин Лучић' за најбоље научно оств. у 2014. конкурси СВИ ДОКУМЕНТИ Све вести Пријава испита Предметне табле Распоред часова Распоред испита Инвеститор Грађевински факултет у Београду , Булевар краља Александра 73, 11000 Београд, Србија 2013 Сва права задржана Јавност рада Факултет Пријатељи Брзи линкови Информатор о раду Катедре Инжењерска комора Србије Универзитет у Београду Статут Институти Часопис Build Универзитетска библиотека Акредитација Лабораторије Телеком Србија Савез студената Београда Адресар Здравствено потп. удружење Одговорни пројектанти Дигитална агенција Livingroom.rs & др Милош Ковачевић ! Сајт је оптимизован за Firefox, Chrome и IE 9+ 
 skip to content university home study research global contacting people a-z index news help use of cookies University of Bristol The Department focuses on first-class teaching and world class research. More about this The Department consistently appears at or near the top of national surveys and league tables. More about this ...working creatively and co-operatively with the natural world to deliver a sustainable constructed environment to enhance the quality of life for present and future generations. More about this Courses and programmes Information and admissions procedures for undergraduate and postgraduate degree programmes in Civil Engineering: Undergraduate Postgraduate Research World-leading research in one of the top departments in the UK. More about research Career opportunities There are plenty of opportunities for all Civil Engineering graduates, but especially those from Bristol. More about this Engineering at Bristol See a few Engineering video highlights People People Latest news Royal Society Daiwa Anglo-Japanese Foundation International Exchanges Award Royal Society Daiwa Anglo-Japanese Foundation International Exchanges Award Two Bristol students are winners of the New CE award! Slopes Dams: Isle of Wight Visit See all Faculty news Faculty of Engineering | Feedback University of Bristol, Faculty of Engineering, Queen's Building, University Walk, Bristol BS8 1TR, UK. Tel: +44 (0)117 331 5830 university home a-z index help terms and conditions privacy and cookie policy 2002-2014 University of Bristol 
 primary navigation skip to secondary navigation Home About Strathclyde Studying Research Campus Life Visiting A-Z Index Contact Home Faculties Engineering The Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering secondary navigation skip to main content Department Home Page Undergraduate Studies Postgraduate Studies Research Pages CPD Courses Staff Industrial links and Visiting Professors Alumni Support Information Contact Us The Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering main content The Department is well-known both nationally and internationally for its high quality of research and teaching. Formerly know as the "Department of Civil Engineering" we decided on the name change to better reflect our increasing breadth of activity which has seen significant developments over recent years. A unique feature is our strong link to industry and public bodies, which is integral to our approach to research, education and knowledge exchange. Fully-funded PhD Studentships The Department is seeking applicants for some fully-funded PhD Studentships. For Project Descriptions and information on how to apply follow this . Smart Paint Smart Paint developed by department researchers could revolutionise structural safety! full story Images of Research 2013 Four of our researchers had images shortlisted in this years competition. One was a category winner! full story Annual Lecture 2014 You are invited to our annual lecture 'How major transport infrastructure is developing the outlook for the future' to be given by Douglas E Oakervee on Tuesday 11th March. Find out more and register here . Alumni Talks As part of the 125th birthday celebrations, the Jan-April 2014 research seminar series is made up exclusively of alumni speakers, reflecting the rich history of the department. Please register to attend. See programme here... Legionella Research Departmental research receives widespread media coverage after finding Legionella in a significant number of commercial compost products. more here Teaching Excellence Awards Staff member, Mr Andrew Briggs awarded Best Teacher in the Faculty. full story Student Successes Our undergraduates take part in events and win awards outwith the Department. We congratulate them and present a short list of recent successes civil and environmental engineering James Weir Building G1 1XJ NERC CDT in Oil & Gas: PhD Opportunities The Department has a number of PhD opportunities available through a NERC Centre for Doctoral Training in Oil Gas. For further information on the projects and how to apply, visit our webpage . Latest News The Department has been awarded an Athena SWAN Silver Award. The Department is the only engineering department in Scotland, and one of only three civil engineering departments in the UK with an Athena SWAN Silver Award. ﻿ More about Award Privacy Cookies Accessibility Equality Staff Vacancies Freedom Of Information Feedback University of Strathclyde Edit 
 Faculty Staff Laboratories Courses Research About Faculty Search News Admissions Undergraduate Graduate Training Alumni ACE 2004 Civil News Theses Click here for freshman and sophomore course flowcharts. Application period for the graduate program begins on April 1st, 2013 and ends on April 24th, 2013. 6111 Sayılı Kanunun 173. Maddesinin Geçici 58. Maddesinden Yararlanacak Olanlar HSS Elective list for CE students. 
 Accessibility Tools Skip to Content Accessibility Breadcrumb Concordia Home BCEE Home Search BCEE All of Concordia Staff Faculty Directory Search Query Main Menu Facilities Staff Homepage BCEE offers programs of study in Building Engineering,also known in the US as Architectural Engineering, and Civil Engineering which includes Environmental Engineering as an option and a major research area. The CEAB-accredited undergraduate programs lead to the B.Eng. degree while the graduate programs include the Graduate Certificates, the MEng, MASc and PhD degrees. Undergraduate Programs B.Eng. Civil Engineering The BEng (Civil) program consists of the Engineering Core, Civil Engineering Core, and Elective Courses chosen from one of three options: Civil Infrastructure, Environmental, and Construction Engineering and Management. Learn more . B.Eng. Building Engineering The B.Eng (Bldg) program consists of the Engineering Core, Building Engineering core, and electives in Building Engineering. Learn more . Graduate Programs PhD. Program Our PhD. program is designed to provide students an opportunity to obtain the greatest possible expertise in Building Engineering and Civil Engineering through intensive research. Masters Program We offer both research oriented and course-based Masters degree programs in Building Engineering and Civil Engineering with nine specializations. Certificate Program The Graduate Certificate in Building Engineering is designed for practicing engineers who wish to specialize in any of seven sub-disciplines within Building Engineering. Faculty Research, Facilities and Centres Leading Edge Research Our faculty undertake leading edge research in various areas of Building, Civil and Environmental Engineering. Explore our faculty research . Research Facilities Learn more Research Centres Click here to learn more. Students Services Undergraduate Students We have over 800 undergraduate students from all over the world. Click here to learn about undergraduate student services. Graduate Students We have over 500 Canadian and international graduate students. Click here to learn about graduate student services. Prospective Students Click here to learn about the admission process, requirements and application deadlines. The information in this site is subject to change without notice and is for informational purposes only. Concordia University and BCEE assume no liability for any inaccuracy, delayed or incomplete information, nor for any actions taken in reliance thereon. The University Undergraduate Graduate Calendars, and its Official Policies and documents take precedence over the information provided in this site. NEWS The paper co-authored by Cheng-Chun Lin and Dr. L. Wang has been selected for the 2013 Best Paper Award from journal Building and Environment. Ph.D. graduate student, Mr. Mohamed Elsharawy, received the 2013 CSCE Best Student Paper Competition Second Place Award on his interdisciplinary research on wind-induced torsion on buildings. The awarded paper is co-authored by Drs. K. Galal and T. Stathopoulos . Dr. Andreas Athienitis awarded Senior NSERC Industrial Research Chair in Optimized Operation and Energy Efficiency. Dr. S. Li 's paper has been selected as a Best of Research Practice: Water Management article by U.K. Institution of Civil Engineers journal: Water Management. The paper co-authored by Ahmed Atef , Hesham Osman , and Dr. Moselhi received the Stephan G. Revay Award in the 2013-CSCE conference in the areas of construction engineering and construction management. More BCEE news Students' News Activities QUICK ACADEMIC LINKS Academic Code of Conduct Academic Calendars: Graduate Undergraduate PC-Labs for courses Class Schedule Undergraduate Message Board Graduate Message Board MyConcordia Undergraduate Important Dates Graduate Important Dates TA positions Concordia University Tools Quicklinks A-Z Index Directory Campus Map Shuttle Bus Schedule MyConcordia Webmail Libraries Jobs Giving to Concordia Concordia University - BCEE 1455 de Maisonneuve Blvd. West , EV-6.139, Montreal , Quebec , Canada H3G 1M8 (1) 514-848-2424 ext. 3200 Contact Us | University Mailing Address | About This Site Concordia University | Legal Notice Back to Top Page Info Page Title : Homepage - Concordia University - Montreal, Quebec, Canada Page URL :http://www.bcee.concordia.ca/index.php ... Date Printed : Tue February 25, 2014 
 Loading Home www.QueensU.ca engineering.QueensU.ca About Us Our Vision Newsletter Our Places Safety Manual Contact Us Future Students Undergraduate Program Graduate Program Undergraduate Studies Academic Advice Undergraduate Calendar Time Tables Job Network Engineering Forum Industry Open House Student Clubs and Teams Graduate Studies Graduate Information Handbook Graduate Courses TA Policy PhD Comprehensive Procedures Research Project Work Plagarism Policy Research Environmental Geotechnical Hydrotechnical Structural People Faculty Support Staff Research Professionals Graduate Students Adjunct Faculty Emeritus Professors Alumni Research Spotlight DR. PASCALE CHAMPAGNE Associate Professor, Department of Civil Engineering Dr. Pascale Champagne - a leading researcher in environmental engineering - is developing a process to extract useable organic materials from waste biomass, such as livestock manure and forestry residue, and convert them into valuable chemicals and sources of energy, like biofuel. Aiming to develop alternate technologies and sustainable environmental practices, Professor Champagne is also working to engineer better processes for waste management to minimize the impact of municipal, agricultural and industrial activities. Learn more about Pascale Champagne's research... Amir Fam, Ph.D., P.Eng. Assistant Professor and Canada Research Learn more about Amir Fam's research... Richard Brachman, Ph.D., P.Eng. Assistant Professor, Department of Civil Engineering Learn more about Richard Brachman's research... Professor Ian Moore and his GeoEngineering Laboratory Executive Director GeoEngineering Centre at Queen's Learn more about Ian D. Moore's research... Limit states for large span culverts Ian D. Moore, BE, PhD Sydney, FCAE, FEIC, P.Eng. Learn more about Ian D. Moore's research... Load out tunnels Ian D. Moore, BE, PhD Sydney, FCAE, FEIC, P.Eng. Learn more about Ian D. Moore's research... Thermoplastic drainage pipes Ian D. Moore, BE, PhD Sydney, FCAE, FEIC, P.Eng. Learn more about Ian D. Moore's research... Dr. B.C. Anderson Learn more about B.C. Anderson's research... Leon Boegman, Ph.D. Assistant Professor Learn more about Leon Boegman's research... Ana Maria A.F. da Silva Professor, Department of Civil Engineering Learn more about Ana Maria da Silva's research... Yves Filion, PhD, PEng Assistant Professor Learn more about Yves Filion's research... Dr. Mark F. Green, P.Eng. Learn more about Mark F. Green's research... Neil Hoult Assistant Professor Learn more about Neil Hoult's research... Bernard H. Kueper Professor, Ph.D, P.Eng. Learn more about Bernard H. Kueper's research... Colin MacDougall Learn more about Colin MacDougall's research... Kevin Mumford, Ph.D., P.Eng Assistant Professor Learn more about Kevin Mumford's research... Dr. Kent S. Novakowski Learn more about Kent S. Novakowski's research... R. Kerry Rowe, Ph.D., D.Eng., FRSC, FCAE, FEIC, P.Eng. Professor and Canada Research Chair - Tier I Learn more about Kerry Rowe's research... Andrew Take, PhD (Cantab) Associate Professor, Geotechnical / Geoenvironmental Engineering Learn more about Andrew Take's research... Learn more about the research at Queen's Civil Engineering Accessible Documents Email: Undergraduate Matters or Graduate Matters Phone: (613) 533-2122 News Events 2014/02/13 Patrick Grover, Ph.D. student working under the supervision of Dr. Ana da Silva, tied for first place in the Student Poster Competition at the Annual Conference of the Canadian Dam Association, held in Montreal, QC, October 8-10, 2013, with the poster entitled Estimation of an extreme flood from paleo-dunes 2014/01/22 A Tribute to Dave Turcke 2014/01/22 New Research Profiles 2014/01/10 NSERC support for innovative research projects have been granted to Pascale Champagne, Ana Maria da Silva and Ian Moore. Leon Boegman will collaborate with John Smol, Neil Hoult will collaborate with Ian Moore, and Kevin Mumford will collaborate with Ana Maria da Silva on their respective awards . 2014/01/09 Ryan Mulligan awarded CFI to conduct world-class research in coastal engineering 2013/12/20 Alumni Mary Ann Turcke awarded the 2013 Hall of Fame Canada's 100 most powerful women 2013/11/28 With the heaviest of hearts Civil Engineering has learned of the passing of former Department Head Dave Turcke 2013/11/15 Amir Fam named Donald and Sarah Munro Chair in Engineering and Applied Science 2013/11/07 Kent Novakowski wins 2013 Ontario Professional Engineers Award for Engineering Excellence and Mark Green wins 2013 Ontario Professional Engineers Award for Research & Development 2013/11/05 Kerry Rowe honoured with Prize for Excellence in Research 2013/10/11 Dr Ian Moore & Dr David Becerill's video of testing conducted for the 407ETR 2013/09/11 International lecture named after Queen's University professor Kerry Rowe 2013/09/05 Safety Modules September 2013 2013/08/13 Former Faculty Member and Alumni (Luke Bisby) is chosen as WEF 2013 Young Scientist 2013/08/13 Mark Green receives funding to address sustainability in the Far North 2013/08/08 Leon Boegman and his colleagues from the University of Alberta have been awarded a $380K Collaborative Research Development grant to study mixing water quality and ice cover formation in storm water ponds 2013/06/25 Jack Wallace MASC/CMAS student wins 2013 OCEPP student essay 2013/06/25 Bruce Anderson works to protect Ontario's water supply and receives NSERC's College-University Idea to Innovation Grant 2013/06/13 Ana da Silva has received the 2013 Camille A. Dagenais Award from the Canadian Society for Civil Engineering 2013/06/12 Ian Moore receives the John B. Stirling Medal from the Engineering Institute of Canada 2013/05/22 Kerry Rowe elected a fellow of the Royal Society in the UK. This is a very prestigious award given to only a select few scientists and engineers from around the world. 2013/03/05 Mark Green receives the Queen's Employment Equity Award 2013/02/27 Project partners with newterra and the City of Brockville or Students turn waste into electricity 2013/01/25 Engineers without Borders National Conference 2013/01/16 Civil Engineering Faculty win two large Canada Foundation for Innovation Grants 2013/01/09 RBC Water Initiative -3rd Annual Student Symposium Wednesday January 23rd Privacy Policy Disclaimer Copyright Policy Faculty of Engineering and Applied Science QueensU.ca Copyright Queens University. All rights reserved. 
 Search form Search Contribute to CEEn About CEEn Course Overviews CE Calendar Contact Us ABET Accreditation ABET Information Mission Statements Program Educational Objectives Outcomes and Course Outcomes Annual Department Evaluations Annual External Review Board Course Information BYU Class Schedule BYU Course Catalog Course Availability Course Overviews Program Information CE En - Overview Clyde Building Floor Plans CE En Mailing List Department News News Archive Announcements CE Calendar Contact Us ABET Information Research Water Resources and Environmental Structures Geotechnical BYU World Water Computational Geometry and Mechanics Sustainability Alumni Information Alumni Updates TRB Meeting Thomas R. Warne Amy J. Taylor McCall Kirk McLaughlin Civil Talk Scholarship Society History of the Scholarship Society Scholarship Society Members Contribute to CEEn Alumni Contact Info Update Sign-up to Mentor Alumni Updates Faculty and Staff Full-Time Faculty Emeritus Faculty Part-Time Faculty Staff Capstone Past Projects / Study Abroad Program Overview Background Overview Undergraduates Planning Internship Student Guide Benefits Sponsors Become a Sponsor Commitments Getting Started Sponsor Guide Benefits WANTED: CAPSTONE PROJECT COORDINATOR Graduates Planning Mentoring Program Civil Engineering Business Operations Civil Engineering Project Management and Leadership Integration with Undergraduate Capstone Design Project Mentor Guide Benefits Past Projects / Study Abroad Past Projects / Study Abroad Student Societies American Society of Civil Engineers (ASCE) ASCE: BYU Chapter ASCE: National ASCE: Utah Earthquake Engineering Research Institute (EERI) EERI: Student EERI: National Institute of Transportation Engineers (ITE) ITE: Student ITE: International Water for People (WFP) WFP: International WFP: Student ASCE: BYU Chapter EERI: Student ITE: Student Student Info Graduate Students Graduate Handbook Masters Information Masters Emphasis PhD Information Thesis/Dissertations - University Archive Thesis/Dissertation - College Template Projects - CEEn Archive Seminar Seminar Schedule Grading Record CEEn 100 CEEn 200 CEEn 300 CEEn 400 Seminar Videos Student Employment Job Announcements Employment Overview Online Employment Resources Undergraduate Students Faculty Advisors Program Flowchart Program Overview Course Availability Scholarships FE Review Info Future Students CE En Mailing List Software Access Sign-up to be Mentored Student Employment Building the Kingdom of God ...I, Nephi, did cause my people to be industrius, and to labor with their hands. 1 Ne. 5:17 Transportation Engineers Responsible for safe and efficient movement of people and goods. Civil Engineering The building blocks of our future Why the world needs us Civil Engineers Make the World a Better Place Creating a Sustainable Future by Making the World a Better Place Improving Your World Since the Dawn of Civilization Water Resources Engineering Civil Engineering Making the World a Better Place Geotechnical Engineering Announcements Department Scholarship Deadline Fri, March 28th 2014 More announcements will come soon. News Dr. Henry (Hank) Christiansen retires Liquefaction Research From BYU Being Used to Rebuild Christchurch, New Zealand Dr. Franke was invited to join the the NSF-funded C-UAS Joe’s Valley Reservoir Dam in Central Utah. We developed this entire model from about 3 minutes of video. Students and Faculty attend the UDOT Annual Conference Dr. Guthrie and students prepare to head to the UDOT Annual Conference. News Archive BYU Steel Bridge Takes First Place at Rocky Mountain Conference For the second year in a row, the BYU Steel Bridge team took first place at the annual Rocky Mountain Conference. The conference was held at Utah State University on April 4-6, where BYU went head-to-head with teams from Utah State, the University of Utah, as well as teams from Colorado, New Mexico, and Wyoming. Bridges were scored based on weight, construction time, and stiffness. BYU dominated on construction time and stiffness, assembling the bridge in just over 5 minutes and having just 0.6 inches of deflection under the 2500 lbs of load. Read more about BYU Steel Bridge Takes First Place at Rocky Mountain Conference Innovative Hydroinformatics course unites engineers at three campuses CI-Water NEWS Date: Wednesday, November 14, 2012 Byline: Jenn Gibbs, UEN   What’s worse for a scientist than having too little data? Sometimes, it’s having too much. Tags: CI-WATER News water resources data Civil Engineering Read more about Innovative Hydroinformatics course unites engineers at three campuses Favorites Contribute to CEEn Class Webpages BYU - Provo FE Review Info Student Organizations BYU ASCE EERI ITE WFP One Link BYU Bookstore CAEDM CAEDM Help CITRIX Extra CE En Mailing List Clyde Building Floor Plans Internships/Jobs Scholarships Announcements CEEn Webmaster Announcements Page Job Announcements News Archive Copyright© 2014, All Rights Reserved 
 Skip to Content A-Z Index | Directory | Campus Map | Howdy! Civil Engineering Home About Academics Research News Events People Giving Contact Prospective Students Current Students Main Navigation: Go to ... View Scholarships Financial Aid Plan Your Visit Give Your Support News Briaud elected president of Federation of International Geo-engineering Societies Banks named to prestigious National Academy of Engineering Aggieland Saturday slated for February 15 Si Gou wins Outstanding Paper Award 2014 SEC Career Fair slated for Tuesday Civil engineering honors distinguished graduates Calendar Civil Engineering Professional Day February 27, 2014 | Civil Engineering Building (CE) Follow us! Facebook Twitter YouTube Flickr iTunes LinkedIn RSS Feed State of Texas Texas Homeland Security Open Records Risk, Fraud Misconduct Hotline Statewide Search Site Links Policies Environmental Health, Safety Security Employment The Dwight Look College of Engineering is a member of Texas AM University | Texas AM Engineering is a member of The Texas AM University System Copyright 2014 Texas AM Engineering Communications All Rights Reserved 
 UW Search My UW UW Libraries UW Map UW Directory Search CEE Information for Current students Future students Alumni and friends Faculty and staff Prospective faculty Industry Visitors People Administration Faculty, alphabetical Faculty, by area Staff, alphabetical Staff by area Academics Admissions Undergraduate programs Graduate programs Courses Continuing education Research Research areas and centers Technical areas Construction Engineering and Management Environmental Engineering and Science Geotechnical Engineering Materials for Constructed Facilities Structural Engineering Transportation Engineering Water Resources Engineering and Science Support CEE Gustavo Parra-Montesinos is making it simpler to guard skyscrapers against earthquakes. Read more . CEE News Nelson joins Global Infrastructure Asset Management Officials seek solutions to Highway PD driving nightmare CEE senior earns Concrete Reinforcing Steel Institute scholarship Rethinking carbon capture for the built environment More news CEE Events Thursday, September 25 18th Annual Civil Environmental Engineering Golf Outing Friday, October 24 CEE Engineers' Day Luncheon Thursday, November 6 CEE and GLE Scholarship Awards Banquet More events About CEE CEE videos CEE Facebook Giving to CEE CEE newsletter Contact CEE   College of Engineering 1415 Engineering Drive, Madison, WI 53706 Contact Us Copyright 2011 The Board of Regents of the University of Wisconsin System Last Modified: February 17, 2014 
