 Non-Empty Set   A unique group of artists.       Navigation Home Our Opening Natalie Marcy Will Thaxton Zeke Trainum Stephanie Williams The show was a success! Have a look around. Location: 20 N. Main Street, Harrisonburg (downtown, across from the courthouse) The show runs until April 20, 2002.  The gallery hours are 2:00-7:00pm on Wednesday and 2:00-9:00pm on Thursday thru Saturday. Check out the artist pages for examples of their work. last edited May 4, 2002   Home About Contact Us Board of Directors Calendar Donations Wish List Bylaws Membership Gallery Special Exhibits Past Exhibits 2011 HS Student Exhibit Chris Winn Exhibit Gary Hoover Exhibit 2011 Seasons in St Clair 2012 MS Student Exhibit 2012 HS Student Exhibit Colette Marshall Exhibit Bette Prudden Exhibit A Second Look Exhibit 2012 Seasons in St. Clair 2013 MS HS Student Exhibit Group of Eight Loretta Markell Exhibit Bill Littlejohn Exhibit Double Down the River Shades of Clay Sales Gallery Classes Class Descriptions Class Photos Public Art Street Banner Contest Background photos for 2013 Street Banners 2012 Street Banners 2011 Street Banners Park Bench Skate Boards Seasons In St. Clair Fish Out of Water Chalk The Walks Art Fair 2014 Art Fair 2013 Art Fair 2013 Artists 2013 Artist Awards 2013 Art Fair Photos 2013 Promotional Video 2012 Art Fair 2012 Artists 2012 Artist Awards 2012 Art Fair Photos 2011 Art Fair 2011 Artists 2011 Artist Awards 2011 Art Fair Photos 2011 Art Fair Videos Art Fair Booth Locations Special Events Robert Fionda Talk Yuletyme Fair Alice W. Moore (Suite A6 in Riverview Plaza) Gallery Hours Visit Us on Facebook St. Clair Art Association--Alice W. Moore Center for the Arts Promote Your Page Too Links ArtServe Michigan Community Foundation of St. Clair County CTV Community Television Discover the Blue Pen and Stage Port Huron Museum Riverview Plaza St. Clair Chamber of Commerce St. Clair on the River Past Posts Calendar February 2014 M T W T F S S Jan 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 The Art of Success Robert Fionda Published February 6, 2014 | By Ralph AÂ presentation by watercolorist Robert Fionda on Tuesday, February 18 at 7 pm at the Alice W. Moore Center for the Arts . The Art of Success: Secrets I Have Learned will be about 45 minutes in length and is described by Mr. Fionda as âwhere I informally share experiences, anecdotes and insights gleaned over 30 years as an artist and art educator.Â  The thrust of the presentation deals with helping artists reach the next plateau in their development.â?Â Â Â  Click here for more information and images. Refreshments will be served. 2014 Street Banner Contest Published January 16, 2014 | By Ralph The theme of the sixth annual Street Banner Contest is Fort Sinclair.Â  2014 is the 250th anniversary of the fort built in 1764 by the British.Â Â Â This years Street Banner project is in collaboration with the Saint Clair Historical Commission and is the kick-off of a year of special activities planned by the Historical Commission marking the 250th anniversary of Fort Sinclair. Check the Street Banner Contest page for more information!! Bootlegger Ball on January 23 Published January 2, 2014 | By Ralph As part of the Winter White Out 2014, the Bootlegger Ball will be on Thursday, January 23 at 6 pm at a secret downtown St. Clair location. There will be Food!Â Â  Cash Bar!!Â  and Dancing!!!Â Â  Period attire is appropriate and encouraged!!!Â Â  A night celebrating the legend of an unknown bootlegger who scuttled his boat in the mouth of the Pine River. Sponsored by Neimans Family Market, St. Clair Wellness Center and the Art Association. Purchase tickets atÂ St. Clair Wellness Center, City of St. Clair Offices or at the Art Center (but call ahead to make sure someone will be here). Winter Session of Classes Starts January 13 Published January 2, 2014 | By Ralph The next session of classes at the Art Center will start the week of January 13, 2014.Â  Register and take a painting class!Â  Or maybe clay, or beginning sewing or quilting.Â  The Clay Throwing classes on Monday or Tuesday will start the following week.Â  All classes will run five weeks.Â Â  During the Winter White Out, on Saturday, January 25 there will be a free workshop at the Art Center from 10 am to Noon come in and make paper snowflakes!Â Â Â On Saturday, February 8, there will be a Valentine Workshop for kids aged 7 and over can make Valentines and heart mobiles.Â  The workshop will run from 10 am to Noon and cost is only $10.Â  Click on this link to open the class flyer in another window. Art Center Winter Closing Published December 24, 2013 | By Ralph The Art Center will be closed for the holiday break until January 5, 2014.Â Â  From January 6 through January 20 our annual Gallery Inventory and Reset will occur.Â  If youd like to volunteer to help with the inventory process during that first week (1/6 1/10), call the Art Center office at 329-9576 and leave a message.Â  Classes will resume in the Studio the week of January 13, 2014.Â  The Art Center Gallery Shop will reopen on January 21, 2014 with normal hours. We will miss you, Dave Published December 14, 2013 | By Ralph It is with a sad heart that we mourn the passing of Dave Wilkie.Â Â  Dave was a past President of the St. Clair Art Association, a long time active member and unrelenting supporter of the Association and the Arts in our community. Â  Dave will be missed by all of us.Â  Older posts Â©2011 St. Clair Art Association. A gallery in Baltimore A collection of artists A website to share art This page uses frames, but your browser doesn't support them. Cape Ann Artisans 2014 Tour Skip to content Home About Artisans News Map Sponsors Contact Home Cape Ann Artisans are part of a vibrant arts community, located along the scenic North Shore of Massachusetts that includes three important cultural districts. For the past two years Gloucester has been named one of the countryâs top ten Art Destinations by American Style Magazine. Come visit us, explore our exquisite natural surroundings and see the fine art and craft that they inspire. Many Artisans are open year round; during nontour times please call for an appointment to view our work. 2014 Tour Dates June 21 22 October 11, 12 13 download brochure (2013) download map (2013) UPCOMING EVENTS Happy New Year! 2014 is here Artisans / Media jewelry mixed media mosaics painting photography Pottery Printed textiles prints sculpture weaving/knitting Join Our List First Name: Last Name: Email: CONTACT Proudly powered by WordPress. [ Home ] [ About Us ] [ Playing Card Project ] [ Contact ] [ Membership ] [ Exhibitions ] CATALYST Catalyst CATALYST 2014 TICKLING THE SENSES 12th 26th April 2014 To promote the visual arts, as a vital instrument in national development. To bring together women artists and scientists from diverse backgrounds to share personal and cultural experience. With this we intend to promote the growth of universal understanding and tolerance. To encourage the process of networking through which our participants can benefit from further collaborations. Workshops Home ] [ About Us ] [ Playing Card Project ] [ Contact ] [ Membership ] [ Exhibitions Community Internet Services Select Language English French Home Studios Studio Locations About Haliburton News Contact Archives Brochure Archives Article Archives Photo Archives Grahame, Debbie & Jenn Wales - Studio P Earth and Fire Pottery Lynn Murray and Anne Thornton-Trump - Studio U Two Sisters Studio Studio Y Sophia Tink Jewellery Art Yael Novak - Studio L Pottery Lane Studio Studio T Gary and Judy Chapman Studio W Rose Pearson Lisa Berry and Matt Mihlik - Studio X Homestead Pottery April Gates - Studio W - Guest Blackbird Pottery Studio Z Carole Finn Call to Enter for the HCST Read more Tour News Sunday, 08 December 2013 Winner of the $100 Gift Certificate! Read more Tour News Sunday, 08 December 2013 Haliburton County Studio Tour article written by Sylvia Rose Read more Tour News Monday, 21 October 2013 View more news entries 1 2 3 W elcom e to Haliburton County Studio Tour Only member studios display the Haliburton Studio Tour logo. It is our guarantee to you, that while enjoying the beautiful fall colours on this self-guided driving tour of the Haliburton Highlands, you will have the unique experience of: discovering where and how over 30 artists and artisans live and work observing the creative process through demonstrations and conversation with the artist finding works-in-progress and a large selection of finished work that will greet you at each stop one-of-a-kind shopping as you find treasures in painting, sculpture, pottery, jewellery, fiber-art, glasswork, woodwork and metalwork Â  W (guest) April Gates - Blackbird Pottery - Woodland bowls Download 1103 views T - Gary and Judy Chapman Download 683 views K - Thom Lambert - Landscape Mugs Download 809 views L - Yael Novak - Pottery Lane Studio and Gallery - Radiant Vanilla Tea Set Download 748 views tryptic Download 643 views M - Wayne Sylvia Rose - Studio Rose - Sylvia\'s Ash Glazed Paella Dish Download 688 views V - Terry Craig Jennifer Wanless-Craig - Artech Studio - Marble Lowball Download 720 views F (guest) - Marty Gyrciuk - Handknit Collection Download 808 views J (guest) Kim and Wilma Warne - Discoveries in Stone Download 701 views N - Rickie Woods Potter - Burdoch Platter Download 715 views O - Kevin Dunlop - The Marquetry Man - Harvest Table and Chairs Download 901 views S - Susan Watson Ellis Todd Jeffery Ellis - Paradigm Designs - Cobalto Calcite Bracelet Download 772 views next page Home Contacts Sitemap Email: info@haliburtonstudiotour.on.ca Contact Us contact us home | about us | forum | search Expand All | Collapse All + RNK Studio Art by Rita Naras-Kreitz Still Life Florals Land and Sea Fantasy Art + Vital Spark Practitioners Become an Advisor Submit Article + New Consciousness New Age Defined Auras Chakras Crop Circles Feng Shui Heralds Of The New Labyrinths Metaphysics Nestor 'n Minerva Out-of-Body Experience Reincarnation Tantra - Sacred Sex Vedic Astrology + Schools of Thought 11:11 A Course In Miracles Anthroposophy Co-Masonry Creation Spirituality Falun Dafa Gnosticism Kabbalah Keys of Enoch Nature / Goddess Pleiadian Lightwork Rosicrucian CR+C Rosicrucian OMCE Shamanism Theosophy Yogananda + Techniques Meditation Visualization Affirmation Intuition Mystical Vowel Sounds Effective Prayer Breath of Life Dream Work + Therapies Akashic Records Alexander Technique Aromatherapy Colour Harmonics Core Belief Engineering Craniosacral Feldenkrais Homeopathy Hypnotherapy Kinesiology KI Therapy Naturotherapy Qi Gong Rebirthing Reflexology Reiki Rolfing Tai Chi + Question and Answer Cosmic Countdown Q and A + Articles / Essays Metaphysics / Occult Health and Healing Spirituality / Philosophy Relationships / Sexuality Psychism / Astrology Psychology / Self-Help Education / History World Affairs / Politics Science / Technology + Join Us Network of Light T.A.S.K. Force U.F.O.R. Peace The 21st Links... VITAL SPARK is a nonprofit website of noncommercial content, introducing ideas, pathways and techniques for self-mastery to the New Consciousness community and all those eager to initiate or resume the voyage towards enlightenment and personal / collective transformation. Greetings from VitalSpark - a companion on your journey of spiritual discovery. A wide variety of resources, techniques and therapies are presented to aid you as you strive to create balance by healing and nurturing mind, body and spirit. T Home | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy South Mountain Studios SCULPTURE and PHOTOGRAPHY - Phoenix, AZ Sculpture, Furniture and Design Photography and Design Phone: (602) 505-3957 C onvict C reations . C om Australia 's missing links D.H Lawrenc e- English author Bill Bryson - American author Welcome to Australia ! This is a peculiar country where the principles of culture appear to have been turned upside down. Australians seem blissfully unaware of the achievements of their intellectuals.... yet they will celebrate long dead horses, yobbo sportsmen, and bushrangers. They often forget the words of their national anthem..... yet it would be wrong to say they are not patriotic as a song about a suicidal sheep thief seems to instil them with a great deal of pride. If they like you, they will not give you compliments. Instead, they might call you names like bastard, drongo or dickhead, and then laugh at all the silly things you have done.If you have red hair, you might be called ' Bluey.' If you are tall, you might be called ' Shorty. ' If you are quiet, you might be called ' Rowdy .' Perhaps these traits can be understood by looking at the country's urban history. For its first 80 years, Australia was a prison for British Convicts! These Convicts became the first urban Australians, and they subsequently laid much of the country's economic and cultural foundations. Because the Convicts were never particularly fond of the upper classes, they gained their inspiration from the underdogs and the battlers. Consequently, larrikins (street criminals) became heroes, and negative words gained positive associations. Today, the symbolic memory of Convicts continues to shape Australia 's cultural evolution. For some concerned citizens, the Convict stigma seems to inspire an obsession with championing British culture, migrant cultures or Aboriginal cultures, so that the stain can be washed away. Such people would look at the above comments and criticise them as inaccurate stereotypes in modern day multicultural Australia and/or irrelevant to the traditions of Aborigines or migrants. Ironically, despite wanting to distance themselves from their heritage, their behaviour shows a strong penal legacy. Just like the wardens of the penal colonies, they don't feel part of Australia, but still want to control it, and criticise its inhabitants. For nationalists, Convict history also seems to be problematic. As much as nationalists love history, there just isn't any moral resonance in pulling out grandpa's ball and chain for a street march that preserves the spirit of the founding fathers. As a consequence, nationalistic campaigns can't be anchored with the moral empowerment of history. This is seen every Australia Day, the anniversary of the landing of the first fleet of criminals, where Australians either spend the day having fun or arguing the need for a new national day. To help understand the cultural peculiarities of the Australia's concerned citizens and nationalists, as well as those Australians who don't identify with either, the Convict Creations web site explores those missing links in the Australian story that, although having a significant influence in making Australiansunique, have been ignored by the official textbooks. s i t e _ n o t e s book cdrom publication eWRe is generously sponsored and supported by Virtual Artists Pty Ltd Holly Carr Alan Bateman Art Photo Music Design BLOG About Contact Products Menu 4802 Rutan Pl. SW Seattle, WA 98116 Phone Number Your Custom Text Here Art A Basis for Optimism Mister Johnson Squares String Balls Photo Museum Guards Film Stills Music Regular The Swedish Legal System John Kieltyka Design The Rock Hand BLOG About Contact Products Lots of stuff, not enough wall? Hang it salon-style February 23, 2014 John Kieltyka Wouldn't it be swell if you could exhibit more of your cool stuff without pockmarking your walls with a Tommy gun's worth of holes just to figure out how to make it all fit? Salon-style, in which art is hung vertically in a kind of Tetris configuration, solves half the problem. But what about those holes? Here's how to proceed: The wall, ready and waiting 1. Measure the length and width of the area in which you'll be displaying your art, and mark that same area on your floor with blue painter's tape. 2. Gather up a nice variety of art. If you have a cat, grab him also; cats have marvelous eyes for detail. Junior the cat says "yellow wall, yellow art" 4. When you've got it all figured out, all you need to do is transfer your composition to the wall. Take your time, measure carefully, and use a level. If you've got to set it aside for a bit, take a picture of your arrangement for later. Plus, cats like to have their picture taken. Super-special tip: to keep your art straight after you hang it, press a ball of museum putty to the back of the piece, then push. no more crooked pictures... Congratulations on your masterpiece! And the next time you invite a bunch of people over to sip wine and stare knowingly at your wall, remember: salon-style! In Home Tags DIY , hanging art , tips , home improvement , Craftsman , Salon-style , decorating Comment Blue glass and birds... February 18, 2014 Monika Lidman Kitchen window Our Swedish-style kitchen is still receiving final touches. This blustery Valentine's weekend was the perfect opportunity for staying inside and helping some unfinished kitchen window areas to really "sing"! I've long been a fan of blue glass and birds. Thanks to John's handy installation of curtain rods and glass shelves, my collections now catch the light - both from the inside and outside! In Home Tags vintage items , blue glass , kitchen decor , country kitchen , collection display , Swedish-style , glass shelves Comment Mister Jimmy the Cat? HUGE Olympic skiing fan February 17, 2014 Monika Lidman Mister Jimmy could hardly contain himself as the skiing competition heated up. In Cats Tags Olympics , cats , tv Comment Amazon and the Myth of the Bar Raiser February 5, 2014 John Kieltyka In a recent Wall Street Journal article , Greg Bensinger addressed Amazonâs practice of using so-called âbar raisersâ? to vet potential employees. Amazon believes the use of these uber-interviewers protects its corporate culture and ensures a workforce that will do well anywhere they are placed. How does it work? Each candidate is interviewed by multiple employees, including the bar raiser, whose role is to push a candidate into areas he may not be as familiar with as those that got him the interview in the first place. There are notes taken and debrief meetings held, in which every interviewer has a say. In the end, however, if everyone is impressed, and the bar-raiser is not, the candidate is not hired. This wouldnât be the end of the world if every potentially valuable aspect of a candidate could be taken into account by the bar raiser, providing an almost clairvoyant assessment of that personâs possible future at Amazon. It cannot be done. Nonetheless, Amazon empowers its bar raisers with the power of the veto. Bad idea. Hereâs why it should should be âall hands on deckâ? when it comes to making a hiring decision: âI LIKE YOU. WANT A JOB?â? Itâs no surprise that weâd rather work with people we like; itâs more fun to build a culture and share success if everyone is rowing in the same direction, after all. But as far as the interview process is concerned, it can be problematic owing to whatâs known as the affinity effect. A candidate is trying to make a good impression. He wants to be liked. He wants to create a connection and be remembered. Known as social affinity, this coalescing around common interests and ideals is how it is accomplished. If every interviewer gets a vote, a more realistic picture of the candidate will result, mitigating any possible bias from any one person. âCAN YOU DRAW ME A PICTURE?â? There are as many ways to learn and know something as there are people to learn and know it. These myriad methods have been quantified into what are known as learning styles. If youâve ever heard someone say âm more of a visual learnerâ? then you have encountered one such learning style. The other broad categories are logical, verbal, physical and aural. In the context of a job interview, identifying a candidateâs strength in this area decreases the chances of dismissing your companyâs next software genius because she is a logical thinker and you asked her to draw a picture, since thatâs how you learn best. Presuming a plurality of learning styles among any given set of interviewers, it would be wise to leave the final hire/no-hire vote to the group. âSPEAKING OF AIRPLANESâ? Tech hiring in America is more competitive than itâs ever been, and with colleges the world over cranking out more computer science majors each year, itâs tempting for many companies to view them as interchangeable widgets - put âem in, burn âem up, pull âem out (rawhide!). The idea of fostering and maintaining domain expertise over time is seen as costly and wasteful, when a â? range of knowledge can be brought to bear across multiple areas. Maybe, maybe not. It is worth fully and carefully considering a candidateâs passion and experience in any one area before throwing out the expert with the bathwater. Allowing every interviewer a vote forwards this cause. Like most corporations, Amazon certainly has in place internal training, processes and procedures meant to hone its hiring practices, and the bar raisers must gain valuable experience with each interview they do. As for the hiring decision itself, however, there is little logic in the group deferring to the individual. As John Donne put it, âNo man is an island.â? In Writing Tags Amazon , Wall Street Journal , bar raiser , employment , job interview 1 Comment Welcome To Our Little Free Library! January 27, 2014 Monika Lidman The Little Free Library stands proudly in its new home. Synchronicity is the coming together of inner and outer events in a way that cannot be explained by cause and effect and that is meaningful to the observer. Carl Jung All over the world, people are actively seeking ways to enhance a sense of community. Synchronicity plays a big part in how various concepts and ideas emerge and âcatch fireâ?. In 2009, two men in Wisconsin began to building the first dollhouse-sized Little Free Libraries and also encouraged others to do the same. Their mission was to promote literacy and the love of reading by encouraging the building and placing of these small book exhanges, worldwide. They wanted people to join in, building stronger neighborhoods as they shared their skills, creativity and wisdom across generations. Their goal was to encourage and coordinate the installation of 2,510 Little Free Libraries â as many as were once built by Andrew Carnegie. Nobody could not have predicted the huge success. Just five years later, in January 2014, there are between 10,000 and 12,000 Little Free Libraries, internationally. We wanted to be a part of the excitement! John designed our Little Free Library and built it entirely from available scrap materials. He used our own leftover, cedar house siding on the libraryâs exterior and lined the inside with veneer from the back of IKEA shelving, sealing all the joints and nail holes as he went along (it gets wet in Seattle). The bones. He designed and built the door to seal out the weather. Plexiglas was used for the window and a small magnet prevents the door from blowing open. Siding on and door in place. Our library passed many inspections by cats with high standards! The roof shingles are leftovers from our roof. John built a sturdy, craftsman-style stand, attached to a 4x4. This was set securely into a two-feet deep posthole packed with dry Sakrete. Roof on and cat captured Go to the Little Free Library website to learn much more. Youâll find history, a world map of little libraries and their hosts, as well as information on how to register your library, instructions on how to construct a library and even a place to order a library, should you not wish to make your own! Â  Have fun! Â  John and I stocking the library. In Craft Tags DIY , Little Free Library , community , neighborhood , West Seattle , books , libraries 1 Comment I'll sing anything you write January 24, 2014 John Kieltyka I've begun an experiment in songwriting. I'm asking anyone who is interested to tweet me @verkstad using the hashtag #MakeMeSing. Write anything you want; send me a single word, send me more - it's up to you. Using the video app Vine, I will reply with a six-second song written specifically for your words. Here's an example: @tofuguns you made me sing #MakeMeSing https://t.co/rDjG0OXLVa Verkstad (@verkstad) January 23, 2014 In Music Tags Twitter , songwriting Comment A message from my mother... January 20, 2014 Monika Lidman Have you ever experienced confusing holidays, followed by an unexpected wasteland of a January? I asked the kind universe to please send me some sign of hope and clarity. Two months ago, in honor of my departed mother, Ulla, I planted a rather puny amaryllis bulb. I proceeded to coax the little anemic stalk through the oddest Christmas season ever â quite dubious of the plantâs success. On what would have been Ullaâs 84th birthday, I rediscovered the amaryllis â in full glory. First two blossoms, then four, now six! It is huge, brilliant and entirely unexpected! Thanks, Mom, for again reminding me to keep hope alive. In Family , Craft Tags flower , amaryllis , crochet , mother Comment Demo in the studio January 14, 2014 John Kieltyka Tonight Kevin Daniel and I got to work demo'ing a wall in the photo studio. Plaster and lathe? Very dusty... So dusty...Â  In DIY Tags DIY , studio Comment Frostbite December 4, 2013 John Kieltyka A song about deciding not to care In Music Tags songwriting , music Comment Mister Jimmy reaches the masses December 1, 2013 John Kieltyka Mister Jimmy would like to thank BoingBoing for posting the photo of him carrying a squash, which he assures us is "like, totally normal." In Cats , Press Tags cats Comment Older Posts Search Art Cats Craft Design Family Home Music News Photo Press Sculpture Travel Video Writing Verkstad Lots of stuff, not enough wall? Hang it salon-style http://t.co/67NnwI7W4v about a day ago Verkstad Why Being Creative Is A Lot Less Difficult Than You Think | LitReactor http://t.co/OBPlTKjz0a via @ litreactor about 2 days ago Verkstad Candor: The Art of Gesticulation http://t.co/dc42vzq3pf via @ NOWNESS about 3 days ago Verkstad Hey @ ttrendall - write a line and I'll sing a Vine @ vineapp #MakeMeSing @ verkstad about 3 days ago Verkstad That's one sleepy bastard... https://t.co/huHvXUtIQy about 3 days ago Verkstad RT @ nothingsmonstrd : .@ handsomefamily RT @ SpaceTimeTech : Robert Wadlow, "The Giant of Illinois," tallest (8'11") person in #history . 1940 http://t.co/lYrnB9OBKu about 5 days ago Verkstad Read This Before You Play Music In Public: http://t.co/BBuQcqNAdD about 6 days ago Verkstad Blue glass and birds... http://t.co/nartiYU6gp about 6 days ago Verkstad Mister Jimmy the Cat loves the olympics: http://t.co/t2FInCOs3I via @ youtube about a week ago Verkstad Fellow SVA alum @ JimmyDiResta makes an oval frame and mirror: http://t.co/LsFkADlKU6 about a week ago Froid Mister Jimmy the Cat Nice knowing you... Nate Poi Milton Jenkins 2013 Rutan Block Party Nate and Nancy Lennox Cornhole Beanbag Game Clouds Nate Poi Nate Poi February 2014 ( 4 ) January 2014 ( 4 ) December 2013 ( 2 ) November 2013 ( 2 ) May 2012 ( 1 ) February 2012 ( 1 ) December 2011 ( 3 ) August 2011 ( 1 ) August 2010 ( 1 ) May 2008 ( 4 ) April 2008 ( 1 ) February 2008 ( 1 ) April 2006 ( 1 ) October 2005 ( 2 ) September 2005 ( 1 ) August 2005 ( 3 ) July 2005 ( 1 ) Â© Verkstad, LLC 1997-2014 | T Gennie DeWeese | Rattlesnake Valley Press ArtDocuments.com ArtDocuments Azille ArtDocuments artisvita.com contact hompage art collection gallery ... Word file for search engines which do not scan the META-tags: Close Ad 
