 Third Wednesday At the Huntington Feb 22nd - My Studio Feb 19th - Huntington Mar 15th - My Studio Mar 19th - Huntington Saturday Studio Classes Saturday 11:00 till 3:00. Next Studio Class: Share | or RSS Class Schedules Contact Nan 818-842-6489 How to Mount Your Art Read More ... order an inscribed copy from Nan ... Classes with Nan Rae at Huntington Library - San Marino, California Brush painting is a magnificent experience that can be learned under the guidance of Nan Rae; previous experience is not required. Brushes and supplies are provided for class use. In all sessions, Nan will have you producing your first painting at your first workshop. Each student gets plenty of personal attention and printed lessons help you practice at home. You'll learn to paint like a true literati. Nan Rae teaches the rapid, oriental brush strokes that enable you to capture a sweep of pure and energized freedom in a contemporary, robust and exhilarating form. Class at the Huntington Third Wednesday of each Month. We start at 11:00 and end at 3:00 with a break for a brown bag lunch. Parking for students is free. The cost of a workshop is $50 and that includes in-class supplies. Studio Classes Two Saturday classes are held each month. First Wednesday Easy street parking at my studio. Class fee is $50; in-class supplies are included. Just bring your lunch. Here is Video of some of the past excitment with instructor Tom Chow. Play Video Calligraphy Class Video - 2010 Year of the Tiger Play Video Calligraphy Class Video - Zen Calligraphy Other Recent Classes Pasadena Learning & Product Expo October 21-23, 2010 - Convention Center Springfield (Eugene), Oregon August 3-7 - 11 AM to 4 PM Glendale Art Association Nickelodeon Class Lessons are available by mail. Supplies Top of Page Henry Li Workshop Sign up now! Calligraphy Class Sign up now! Class at Nickelodeon Wonderful artists! Studio Classes Class at work Class in Pasadena Studio toward entrance Studio Entrance Artists we saw in China Bookmark This Page Share | Art Books Introduction to Brush Painting Contact Nan's Blog Privacy Nan Rae, All rights reserved Site by Acta Design 
