 World Modern Arnis Alliance The Worlds Leading Authority on Presas Family Arnis! Skip to content Home Media The W.M.A.A. GrandMaster Profiles Tribute: Professor Remy Armador Presas By Bob Hubbard Who is Remy Presas? By Paul OGrady WMAA Staff GM-Datu Timothy J. Hartman Grand Master Rick Cabarloc Manglinong Punong Guro Steve Scott Punong Guro Sal Todaro World Modern Arnis Alliance Training Programs Presas Arnis Rank Curriculum Membership and Benefits Train at HQ Upcoming Events Schools United States Canada Australia Barbados Denmark Japan Poland Sweden United Kingdon Current News 2011 News WMAA Black Belts * Contact The WMAA Modern Arnis Minute 2010 Lessons 2011 Lessons 2013 Lessons Other Videos Sponsors In Memory of Professor Presas Memories Media Biographies Legacy Links Modern Arnis Reunion Camp 2 Search for: Log in Home The World Modern Arnis Alliance was established for a two-fold purpose. Our first goal is to further the growth of Arnis throughout the world. Secondly, in keeping with the example set by Remy Presas, our intent is to set the highest technical standards possible for the global Arnis community. We will achieve this by designing specific training programs that will advance the progression of our art while developing maximum student proficiency. For those who do not have immediate access to an instructor and who are training on their own, rank promotion is still possible. Students will have access to a directory of black belts, schools, and instructors in the Modern Arnis community. These people will be available to periodically assist students with their training in preparation for their advancement. Geographical constraints will not be a deterrent to the growth of Modern Arnis. In addition we have created a Student Registry so that each member will have a record of their rank as they progress through each level. This will prevent any discrepancy as to what belt level a student or instructor has earned. Their credentials will be available for verification. Be Sociable, Share! Tweet Comments are closed. World Modern Arnis Alliance 
