 Skip to content News Programs Events Our Meet Sponsorship Downloads About GCGC Older posts Registration for March Break Camp 2014 Posted on January 23, 2014 by GCGC Registration for GCGCs March Break Gymnastics Camp is now open!  The camps run daily from March 10 to March 14, either half-day or full day, from 9am to 4pm.  There will be games, crafts, and, of course, gymnastics!  Before and after care will be also be available. Check out our brochure for more information and register at the main desk. See you there! Posted in News | Comments Off All the latest announcements and photos can now be found on Facebook ! Posted on September 1, 2013 by GCGC | Comments Off GCGC Gym-a-thon of Hearts 2014 Posted on January 24, 2014 by GCGC Challenge your limits, earn prizes and support our gym! Its Gym-a-thon time, our biggest fundraiser of the year! By now each athlete should have their sponsorship packages. For the Recreational Program, the fun takes place during regular classes from February 10th to February 15th.  Competitive Teams will participate on the 15th. Posted in News | Comments Off Competitive Calendar Now Available Posted on January 4, 2014 by GCGC The downloadable Calendar of Events for the Competitive Team is now available.  Were trying a new format that will take you to the end of the year.  Let us know what you think. You can download the calendar here . Posted in News | Comments Off Wine and Beer Basket Winners Announced! Posted on December 22, 2013 by GCGC The drawing for the Wine and Beer Baskets was done during the annual Competitive Team Parents Participation and Pot-Luck.  The three winners are: Edmundo Roa Veronique Gauthier Muneesh Dhingra Congratulations to our winners! Posted in News | Comments Off GCGC Christmas Camps! Posted on December 13, 2013 by GCGC Ho! Ho! Ho! GCGC is offering some fun over the holidays! Come to Christmas Camp and spend the day with Travis and Niknik!  Theyll have fun activities for all ages and, of course, gymnastics! Monday, December 30, 2013 Tuesday, December 31, 2013 Thursday, January 2, 2014 Friday, January 3, 2014 These day camps run from 9am to 4pm and cost just $40 per day. Sign up now! Posted in News | Comments Off Winter Session Now On! Posted on December 8, 2013 by GCGC The Winter Session of GCGCs Recreational Program is now on but its never too late to join!  We have programs for anybody; boys and girls, young and old. New this winter is our Saturday evening Tumbling classes, open to all ages and skill levels! Sign up for the session or stop by for a drop-in class.  Pricing details for this and all our other recreational classes can be found in our Recreational Programs brochure. Are you already signed up for a class?  Dont forget to stay on top of special events and holidays with our printable calendar of events . Posted in News | Comments Off Wine and Beer Basket Raffle Posted on November 25, 2013 by GCGC Our Wine and Beer basket raffle last year was such a success we are doing it again this year! The draw date will be December 21st , the day of the competitive parents participation and potluck. Tickets will be available in your mailboxes if you didnt already receive our email. If you are really keen to sell even more tickets, there will be extra tickets available at the front desk as well. Tickets and money should be returned to the office by noon on December 21st at the latest. Prices are: $1.00 for one ticket $5.00 for six tickets $10.00 for thirteen tickets. We are asking each family to contribute a bottle of wine or a couple bottles/cans of beer (between $10-$15) which will make up the contents of our gift baskets. The aim is to create to 2 baskets. Last year the donations were so generous we were able to put together 3 so hopefully we can repeat this year. The due date for your contribution is Saturday November 29th . Please leave it at the office with the athletes name clearly marked. This is a great fundraiser to participate in as 100% of all ticket sales will be attributed to your fundraising commitment . All you need to do is donate the beer or wine for the basket. Post the your selling of tickets on Facebook, send an email to friends and family or even just mention the basket to friends youll be pleasantly surprised how easy it is to sell tickets for a giant wine and beer basket that can be delivered before the holidays! Thanks for your support, Your fundraising sub-committee Posted in News | Comments Off GCGC Annual Team Sleepover Party Posted on November 24, 2013 by GCGC The Annual Team Sleepover Party starts at 7pm on Saturday, December 21st!  All members of the Interclub and Provincial teams are invited to spend the night at the gym.  Pick up is at 8:30am on Sunday. There will be gymnastics challenges, games, movies, food and, of course, your friends!  All you need is your leotard, a sleeping bag, pillow and snacks. The $5 cost covers the late-night pizza party and breakfast the following day!  Make sure you drop your sign-up form into the sleepover box at the office. See you there! Posted in News | Comments Off Winter Session Registration Now Open Posted on November 16, 2013 by GCGC Registration for our Winter Recreational Session is now on!  Have fun and stay fit with GCGC Recreational Programs.  Check out our programs and download the registration form today! Posted in News | Comments Off Annual GCGC Gymnastics Halloween Party! Posted on October 8, 2013 by GCGC The countdown has started for the Annual GCGC Gymnastics Halloween Party on October 26! Put on your best costume and get ready to have fun! Prizes will be awarded! The Kindergym party is from 8:45 to 9:45 Posted in News | Comments Off Older posts Upcoming Events March 7, 2014 Tulip Classic March 8, 2014 WAG Qualifier 15 March 10, 2014 March Break March 21, 2014 Tumblers Classic AEC v1.0.4 Newly Updated March Break Camp 2014 Calendar of Events Competitive Winter/Spring 2013-2014 Contact Us Map ) info@gcgc.ca Proudly powered by WordPress. 
