 What is P. T. Kali? The Training Guideline Instructor's Program About the Organization QuestionsAnswers Grand Tuhon Leo T. Gaje Grand Tuhon's Blackboard Video Female Special Action Force Officers from Philippines Knifecamp Interview with Mandala Uli Weidle Round about the knife: Training Methods and Weapons of the Pekiti-Tirsia System European PekitiTirsia Festival hasVideo! Good news from Sweden hasVideo! Philippines Travel 12/2003-02/2004 ToTeach ToFight Open Hands of Pekiti-Tirsia ... all items Sounds (currently on ) Grandtuhons Blackboard: All The Days Of Our Lives AreOurs A family that fights together is the family that stays together and the family that believe in each other is the family that last forever. Complete Article To Teach To Fight Training for Pekiti Tirsia Instructors and Instructor Candidates Complete Article The FoM seminars: laying the foundations of movement Complete Article The advantage of the open hand Uli Weidle, 03/2003 empty hands fighting means fist fighting . In contrast to that believe, there is no doubt among knowledgeable and experienced self-defence experts, that open hand strikes are truly effective and superior body weapons . open hand slap is a preferred body weapon Complete Article Three day intensive Camp Creating options, when choices are gone . The term Dumpag is from the filipino martial arts Kali Complete Article Pekiti Tirsia training camp in Ibiza, the Third! Complete Article Irresistible Pekiti Tirsia Fever EuropeanCamp (May 2008) From the 17 th to the 24 th of may 2008, the European Pekiti Tirsia Headquarters in Reutlingen, Germany, were crowded with people from all over the continent. They had gathered from Finland in the north and Italy in the south, from Spain in the west and Bulgaria in the east, from the mountains of Switzerland and Austria, and from the Czech and German heartlands of the continent. Had gathered to be taught in the art of combat by Grandtuhon Leo T. Gaje himself, the supreme grandmaster of Pekiti Tirsia Kali. Complete Article Pekiti Tirsia Summer Training Camp In Bulgaria (September 2007) ThisPekiti Tirsia summer camp was held at the Black Sea in Bulgaria. Wonderful white beach and the Black Sea sometimes calm and on other days with huge waves offered an ideal training environment for Kali enthusiasts who assembled for this 9 days camp from all over Europe and even directly from the USA. The beach is an insiders tip for Bulgarian people and Bulgarian sports teams use that place as their preferred summer training environment. With the great natural resources and backed up by the kind hospitality of the Bulgaria Pekiti Tirsia group, Mandala Uli Weidle made a training camp that offered a one of a kind experience to everybody who attended. Complete Article Pekiti Tirsia thrills North Rhine-Westphalia (August2007) Complete Article... Friendship Visit And Training Camp To Philippines In March2006 DivXMB) DivXMB) DVDquality (downloadMB) DVDMB) Complete Article... Grandtuhons Blackboard: The Legacy Of Papa Isio Read Grandtuhons Message ... Stick and Knife2006 Atweekend from June3 rd to June5 th 2006 the first international Stick- and Knife-Challenge open to all fighters no matter what background in style or organisations was organised by the Pekiti Tirsia Europe. The events theme: All day headgear and glove Complete Article... Grandtuhons Blackboard: PowerTouch Read Grandtuhons Message ... European Pekiti Tirsia Festival 2005 Complete Article... Interview with Mandala Uli Weidle On the occasion of the first Pekiti Tirsia workshop with Mandala Uli Weidle in Helsinki, Finland an extensive interview was made by the Finish potku.net magazine. Complete Interview... Article about FMA published nationwide in Philippines StarweekMagazine Feature: by MelroseValencia A three full pages article about Filipino Martial Art, with special emphasis on the Pekiti Tirsia Filipino Martial Arts System in Europe, was published nationwide in Philippines Magazine. Complete Article... Pekiti Tirsia Knife Camp 2004 The Three Days Knife Camp was conducted at the Halloween Weekend October, 30 th to November, 1 st by Maginoo Mandala Uli Weidle. Focus of this years camp was training street-smart methods and tactics that help to successfully survive when facing real life situations with knife threats. From Evasion & Escape to Knife-Dumog (knife wrestling) all important aspects for successfully handling the variety of knife situations have been covered. Like in the last years, this Knife Camp was once again fully booked to the last place. Participants came from 10 different countries making the event an international happening... Complete Article... Round about the knife: Training methods and weapons of the Pekiti Tirsia System A central element of the Pekiti Tirsia System is training with and against the knife. A purposeful knife training, as is practised by Pekiti Tirsia, combines and develops all qualities needed by a skilful fighter: physical fitness, decision making power, determination, courage, self-confidence, understanding the necessity for and the ability to maintain "Situational Awareness" and a strategic-tactical approach. Complete Article... European Grandtuhon Training Camp in Ibiza Mayhad two outstanding events for the PekitiTirsia world: In the middle of May was this years Grandtuhon Weekend in the European Pekiti Tirsia Headquarters in Reutlingen, Germany. 36interested KaliFighters came from Germany and neighbouring countries to Reutlingen for PekitiTirsia training with Grandtuhon Leo T.Gaje. For now we have here some impressions. A full length report will soon follow... Complete... European Pekiti Tirsia Festival Vol.5 Reportpictures and video about the FifthEuropean Pekiti TirsiaFestival in Reutlingen, Germany. Fights from European Fighter League Level A,B,C Exhibitions Fiesta Fun, Excitement, Culture Friendship, Adrenalin, Party FestivalVideo Complete Article... Good news from Pekiti Tirsia in Scandinavia March,20 th was a milestone in the history of Pekiti Tirsia, as well as all FMA, in Sweden... Pekiti Tirsia representing FMA at Swedish Budo Association FMA accepted as separate branch in SwedishAssociation Philippine Embassy in Sweden invites Pekiti Tirsia for presentation of FMA Philippine Embassy in Sweden supports Pekiti Tirsia as indigenous cultural treasures of the Philippines Complete Article... Philippines Travel 02/2004... Surprises and Special Action for Uli during his travel to Philippines... Otso-Otso Submission Dungeon TV team from BBC Special Action Force (SAF) the elite Philippine National Police (PNP) force for counter-terrorism, hostage rescue,... Pekiti Tirsia TV Show Guro Jun de Leon (Kali de Leon) from Canada Complete Article... To Teach & To Fight - Pekiti Tirsia Trainers Training Uli Weidle, 10/2003 From present to future Pekiti Tirsia instructors training Practical by tradition Complete Article... Pekiti Tirsia and the Military Uli Weidle, 11/2002 Complete Article ... Select Language: English French German Italian Latest News Seminars ... all seminars Seminar Registration Contact Headquarters Austria Czech Republic Finland Germany Italy Norway Sweden/ Scandinavia Switzerland Become Member Send us a message send this page to a friend printer friendly view Pekiti-Tirsia Europe - Zaisental 71 - D 72760 Reutlingen info@pekiti-tirsia.de 
