 Home About Us Support News Events Contact Us Quick Enquiry Welcome to Weiss Technik UK Weiss Gallenkamp and Design Environmental have merged to form Weiss Technik UK Ltd, a global leader in environmental simulation. Our product range includes plant growth chambers and rooms, pharmaceutical stability test chambers, laboratory ovens and temperature test chambers. New website coming soon! Quick Quote Latest News Important Notice to our Customers Weiss Technik UK has been a victim of mandate fraud in February 2014. We kindly ask our customers to click on this link to read the news article. Weiss Technik UK Awarded ISO 9001:2008 The scope of the Quality Management System is the design, manufacture, installation, management and service of environmental, pharmaceutical and plant growth chambers in a range of sizes from benchtop through to drive-in, covering conditions of humidity, temperature and altitude. 14th Brazilian Congress of Plant Physiology Weiss Technik UK, in conjunction with it's Brazilian distributor for Fitotron products, Tecnal, will be attending the 14th Brazilian Congress of Plant Physiology in Poos de Caldas, Brazil from 9th to 12th September 2013. Successful Week for Weiss Technik UK at SPPS 2013 in Denmark Weiss Technik UK enjoyed a successful week at SPPS 2013, the 25th congress of the Scandinavian Physiology Society. The exhibition was attended with the support of our local agent Labotest, who represent Weiss UK in Denmark, Sweden and Finland. Schunk Centennial Celebrations Begin at Rothamsted Research Weiss Technik UK held the first of its Schunk centennial celebrations on Wednesday 15th May 2013 with a plant growth Customer Day at Rothamsted Research. Celebrating 100 Years of Schunk Weiss Technik UK will be celebrating the centennial of its parent group Schunk, with a number of customer and employee events throughout 2013. The Weiss Technik UK customer events will be focused around the areas of plant growth and industrial technology. Weiss Gallenkamp and Design Environmental Merger Announcement As of 1st January 2013, Weiss Gallenkamp Limited is pleased to announce that we have entered into a definitive merger agreement with our associate, Design Environmental to form Weiss Technik UK Limited. 4th Controlled Environment User Group Weiss Gallenkamp recently attended the 4th Controlled Environment User Group (CEUG) held at Downing College, University of Cambridge, Cambridge, United Kingdom from 10 to 14 September 2012. Appointment of Regional Sales Manager in Germany Weiss Gallenkamp are delighted to announce the appointment of Dr. Georg Siems as Regional Sales Manager for Germany and surrounding areas, with immediate effect for its Fitotron range of plant growth research products. Successful Week for Weiss Gallenkamp at ACHEMA 2012 Weiss Gallenkamp enjoyed a successful week from 18 to 22 June at ACHEMA 2012 in Frankfurt, exhibiting their market-leading Fitotron SGC 120 Plant Growth Chamber with LED Research and Production lighting. Climatic Environmental Testing Seminars Receive a Positive Response The two day Climatic Environmental Testing Seminars held in Loughborough on 24th and 25th April 2012 have been heralded a great success. Visit Fitotron at ACHEMA 2012, Germany Weiss Gallenkamp will be exhibiting their Fitotron brand of Plant Growth research-related products at ACHEMA 2012. Fitotron Sponsor Steve's Captain's California Bike Ride 2012 In September 2012, Steve Jones, Service Manager at Weiss Gallenkamp, will be cycling nearly 400km in five days across the Sierra Nevada Mountains in California. Success at the First UK PlantSci 2012 Conference Weiss Gallenkamp enjoyed a successful two days at the UK PlantSci 2012 conference held at the John Innes Centre, Norwich, last week.. 6th Australasian CEWG Conference 2012 Weiss Gallenkamp, in conjunction with Simultech, will be showcasing their Fitotron range of plant growth research-related products at the 6th Australasian CEWG Conference in May 2012 at Charles Sturt University, Wagga Wagga, New South Wales, Australia. Weiss Gallenkamp Design Environmental Climatic Environmental Testing Seminars - April 2012 Weiss Gallenkamp and Design Environmental, in conjunction with NDO Consultants, are hosting two seminars in April 2012 on the subject of Climatic and Environmental Testing. New Range of Laboratory Ovens Microbiological Incubators We are now selling the new Heratherm range of Laboratory Ovens and Microbiological Incubators, replacing the popular Heraeus range. Emission Test Chamber Meets European Standards for VOC Manufacturers need to understand the extent of VOC emissions - the only way to do this is to test and measure. World's First Robotic Test Chamber! Click the link above to watch the video! New Fitotron LED Plant Growth Chamber Weiss Gallenkamp have launched the brand new Fitotron SGC 120 LED Plant Growth Chamber. Announcement Sales of Weiss Gallenkamp and Design Environmental products. New Fitoron Multi-tier Cultivation Rooms Brand new Plant Growth Rooms launched with flexible shelving and lighting options. New Fitotron Plant Growth Website Launched Weiss Gallenkamp have just launched www.fitotron.co.uk, a specialist website for Fitotron Plant Growth Chambers and Rooms. New Fitotron High Specification Plant Growth Chambers Weiss Gallenkamp have launched a new range of Fitotron High Performance Plant Growth Chambers. This coincides with the newly launched www.fitotron.co.uk website. New Fitotron SGC 120 Weiss Gallenkamp have launched the new Fitotron SGC 120. It's variable shelving and lighting combinations mean that it is exceptionally versatile and flexible, suited to a wide variety of applications. New Stability Temperature Test Chamber The new WK 3/0 is designed to simulate different climates and climate zones, in particular for long-term and accelerated stability tests. Euro 6 Emissions Regulation New reduced emissions regulation can be adhered to using Weiss Gallenkamp Altitude Test Chambers. Detecting Invisible Danger Weiss Gallenkamp have launched the new Fape /+60 Formaldehyde Test Chamber to determine levels of formaldehyde discharged by particular products. High Performance Composites - The Way Ahead Weiss Gallenkamp will be at the 10th SAMPE UK and Ireland Chapter Annual Technical Conference in Nottingham on 24th February 2010. Mambo-tox Order Fitotron SGR 222 CFH.J Standard Growth Room Weiss Gallenkamp have recently received an order for a Fitotron SGR 222 CFH.J Standard Growth Room from Mambo-tox in Southampton. SAMPE 2009 Conference Weiss Gallenkamp caused a stir at the recent SAMPE conference. Controlled Environment User Group Conference 2009 Weiss Gallenkamp recently showcased the ability to provide Category 3 Containment facilities, at the prestigious Controlled Environment User Group Conference. Gallenkamp Ovens Relaunched Weiss Gallenkamp have re-launched the popular Gallenkamp Ovens; now branded as Votsch Ovens. Weiss Gallenkamp Supply an Extensive Range of Industrial Laboratory Ovens Weiss Gallenkamp supply an extensive range of the renowned Votsch Industrial Laboratory Ovens in addition to our range of Environmental Test Chambers. New Generation of Heating Drying Ovens in the Weiss Gallenkamp Range Economy, Reliability and Durability describes the Heating Drying Oven range. Visit Weiss Gallenkamp at SETEC Composites Exhibition Weiss Gallenkamp will be exhibiting at SETEC 09 in September. Successful Week for Weiss Gallenkamp at ACHEMA 2009 Weiss Gallenkamp recently had an extremely successful week at the renowned ACHEMA exhibition in Frankfurt. New Test Chambers for Lithium Battery Testing Weiss Gallenkamp are now able to offer a range of test chambers suited to Lithium Battery testing. Weiss Gallenkamp at ACHEMA 2009 Weiss Gallenkamp will be at the ACHEMA 2009 exhibition in Frankfurt from 11 to 15 May 2009. Weiss Gallenkamp Launch New Fitotron SGC 110 Weiss Gallenkamp are relaunching the innovative Fitotron SGC 110 with a new control system. New Test Chamber Launched Weiss Gallenkamp have recently launched the brand new EMC Mini Test Chamber. This chamber is ideal for workspaces of limited area and where a minimal noise level is required. Weiss Gallenkamp add a New Shock Test Chamber to the Existing Range Weiss Gallenkamp can now offer the newly developed VT3 7006 S2 Shock Test Chamber. This small shock test chamber (60 litre test space) has been especially designed for use in development and/or quality control laboratories. Imperial College London Orders Two Specialist Fitotron SGC 110 Insect Chambers These will be used to rear mosquitoes to carry out research into their molecular cell biology. Weiss Gallenkamp Secures First Microwave Oven Order Composites and microwave technology come together through the first UK order secured by Weiss Gallenkamp for a Hephaistos Microwave Oven. TWI Ltd in receiving this novel equipment are only the second organisation in the world to have such a facility. Weiss Gallenkamp Secures Pharmaceutical Stability Cabinet Order for Brunel Healthcare Weiss Gallenkamp have recently secured the order for a Pharmaceutical Stability Cabinet from the leading supplier of private label vitamins, minerals and supplements in the UK. Weiss Gallenkamp Improve Reliability of Harman Becker Products Harman International manufactures a range of automotive hi-fi systems, including fully integrated CD players, radios, cassette players, MP3 and minidisc players, and RDS tuners. New Generation of Pharmaceutical Stability Developed through our global experience, this new generation of Pharmaceutical Stability Testing facilities represents leading edge technology from Weiss Gallenkamp. ZKB Tent Air Conditioning Units Weiss Gallenkamp have launched a brand new range of Tent and Mobile Air Conditioning Units. Fitotron High Specification Plant Growth Rooms Supplied Installed at Reading University Weiss Gallenkamp have recently been awarded the contract to supply and install three Fitotron High Specification Plant Growth Rooms within the School of Biological Sciences at this prestigious University. Weiss Gallenkamp Supply Carlisle Brakes Weiss Gallenkamp have recently supplied Carlisle Brakes with the first WK3 600/40 Climatic Test Cabinet in Wales. Weiss Gallenkamp Supply Chemring with the Most Sophisticated Temperature and Vibration Chamber in the UK Weiss Gallenkamp supply Chemring with the most sophisticated Temperature and Vibration chamber in the UK. Weiss Gallenkamp Launch New Solar Test Chambers Weiss Gallenkamp have added test chambers for Solar Photovoltaic testing to our product portfolio. Syngenta Fitotron Plant Growth Rooms Weiss Gallenkamp have recently installed six Fitotron Plant Growth Rooms at Syngenta facilities in the UK. New Volkswagen Test Facility New Volkswagen test facility in Wolfsbury. CSR Purchase 14 VTM Mini Test Chambers Cambridge Silicon Radio have purchased 14 VTM 7004 'Mini' Test Chambers from Weiss Gallenkamp. Controlled Environment User Group Annual Meeting 2007 Weiss Gallenkamp recently attended the Controlled Environment User Group Annual Meeting 2007 at the Institute of Grassland and Environmental Research in Aberystwyth. 200th Fingerprint Development Chamber Weiss Gallenkamp recently celebrated the sale of the 200th Fingerprint Development Chamber. Test Chamber - Special Promotion Weiss Gallenkamp have a selection of products from our world leading range available for immediate purchase. Humidity Chambers to Oceanlab Weiss Gallenkamp recently supplied two VC 4100 Temperature Humidity Chambers to Oceanlab, based at The University of Aberdeen. Composites 2007 Weiss Gallenkamp recently delivered a paper at the Composites 2007 conference in Runcorn. MIRA Environmental Testing A wide range of tests are undertaken in environmental chambers designed built by Weiss Gallenkamp Airbus Environmental Test Chamber for Fuel System Test Facility Weiss Gallenkamp have installed and commissioned a new and versatile piece of test equipment for Airbus in the form of an Environmental and Altitude Chamber. Lafarge Weiss Gallenkamp Weiss Gallenkamp have installed a state-of-the-art bespoke test chamber at Lafarge. A New Name But Familiar Faces A new name, but familiar faces with company merger. Weiss Gallenkamp Launch Brand New Product Weiss Gallenkamp have launched the brand new WT3 Temperature Test Chamber and the WK3 Climatic Test Chamber. SASA Project This project was the design and build of new headquarters and laboratories of the Scottish Agricultural Science Agency (SASA). Bespoke Solutions for a Range of Testing Requirements Weiss Gallenkamp have demonstrated the capability to provide bespoke solutions for a range of testing requirements with major installations at a leading research establishment. PSC 062 Pharmaceutical Stability Chamber for Steris Weiss Gallenkamp supplied a PSC 062 Pharmaceutical Stability Chamber to Steris. New Plant Growth Controlled Environment Test Facility A new test facility at IGER will help scientists develop the next generation of grassland crop, balancing nutrition and economics with the need to protect the environment. HEPHAISTOS Microwave Oven Weiss Gallenkamp is pleased to announce the launch of a brand new range of microwave technology - HEPHAISTOS. It is the first time that the advantages of microwave technology have been developed successfully to an industrially mature high technology level. Successful Week at the Recent ACHEMA Exhibition in Frankfurt Weiss Gallenkamp has enjoyed a hugely successful week at the recent ACHEMA exhibition in Frankfurt. Fitotron SGC 110 Arabidopsis Chamber Added to Market Leading Range Fitotron SGC 110 Arabidopsis Chamber added to market leading range. Emission Test Chamber Meets European Standards for VOC Emission Test Chamber meets European safety standards for VOC. Sports Exercise Science Room to Edinburgh's Napier University Sports Exercise Science laboratory to Edinburgh's Napier University. Weiss Gallenkamp Controlled Environment Test Facility Contributes to Development of Sustainable Grasses Weiss Gallenkamp Controlled Environment Test Facility contributes to development of sustainable grasses. A New Range of Temperature Climatic Test Cabinets Have Been Implemented into the Weiss and Votsch Range of Testing Equipment A new range of temperature and climatic test cabinets have been implemented into the Weiss and Votsch range of test cabinets for laboratory type applications. Weiss Gallenkamp Launch the Upgraded Fingerprint Development Chamber at International Conference Weiss Gallenkamp launch the upgraded Fingerprint Development Chamber at International Conference. Weiss Gallenkamp Secures 1.7m Contract To Supply Environmental Simulation To Largest Laboratory in Scotland Weiss Gallenkamp secures 1.7m contract to supply environmental simulation to the largest laboratory in Scotland. Laboratory Ovens Industrial Ovens Laboratory Ovens Industrial Ovens Industrial Microwave Ovens Applications for: Drying, tempering, warm storage, drying of flammable solvents and sterilisation. Plant Growth Chambers Rooms Standard Growth Chambers LED Plant Growth Chambers High Specification Growth Chambers Standard Growth Rooms Multi-tier Cultivation Rooms High Specification Growth Rooms Plant Growth Projects S!MPAC Control Software Applications for: Plant growth research including LED technology, tissue and cell culture research, containment and isolation, insect storage and incubation, seed storage and germination. Climatic Environmental Test Chambers Temperature Test Chambers Temperature Humidity Test Chambers Automotive Test Chambers Sports Science, Environmental Hypoxic Rooms Fingerprint Development Chambers Special Application Test Chambers S!MPAC Control Software Applications for: Temperatureand humidity testing, emission testing, solar simulation, stress testing, vibration and altitude testing. Pharmaceutical Stability Test Chambers Rooms Pharmaceutical Stability Test Chambers Pharmaceutical Stability Test Rooms Validation AquaRec Water Recirculation System Applications for: Data acquisition, stability testing, photostability testing. Services support Aftersales care Calibration Consultancy and project management Product support CFC refrigerant gas Maintenance and repairs Rental Validation Laboratory Ovens Industrial Ovens Plant Growth Chambers Rooms Climatic Environmental Test Chambers Pharmaceutical Stability Chambers Rooms Home Services News About us Contact Quick enquiry Links Sitemap Website Copyright Weiss Technik UK 2014 
