 +44 (0) 1904 488 599 Welcome, I’m Alex Davis. Yorlab prides itself on its professional but personal approach to customer service and we are committed to ensuring that we can meet all of your laboratory needs – just give us a call on 01904 488599 or 0191 526 0897 Alex Davis, Managing Director MENU Home Shop Products Consumables Cleaning, filtration, stands racks and other accessories. Chemicals Acids, alkalines, HPLC solvents, petroleum, methanol etc. Equipment Air samplers, data loggers, hydrometers, shakers and more. Custom Glassware Glassblowing Customised Glassware Scientific, Environmental, Petrochemical , Reaction Vessels. Maintaining Repairing Your Glassware Overnight emergency repairs, like-for-like replacements Apparatus and Rigs Services Furniture Fittings Analytical equipment, chillers, refridgeration, fume cupboards. Complete Laboratory Design Fit Fume extraction cupboards, lab furniture – desks, tables more. Maintenance Repairs Laboratory repair and maintenance services. Meet The Team News Contact All your lab needs and more For bespoke glassware, design and build of rigs and apparatus, equipment, consumables, chemicals and repairs Click here for more Here to help Personal friendly service, expert technical advice Free, fast delivery Meeting your deadlines, wherever you are Customised scientific glassware High quality, customised scientific glassware made to your exact requirements Click here for more Apparatus and rigs Design and build service for laboratory equipment, plus repairs and modifications Click here for more Hear what our customers are saying “Yorlab is our ‘number 1 go-to’ lab supplier for the simple reason that their customer service and wide range of products is second to none.” ~ Quality Control Administrator, leading chemical company prev next Welcome to Yorlab For all your lab needs and more YorLab is a dynamic manufacturer and supplier of laboratory equipment, specialising in the production of high quality custom-made scientific glassware and the design and build of apparatus and rigs. It offers more than 300,000 products to the scientific industry, including consumables, specialist chemicals and laboratory equipment. We offer a high quality, personal and friendly service providing advice and support for all your laboratory’s requirements whether chemicals, glassware, consumables, repairs, maintenance or a complete laboratory fit out. Laboratory Products We are official distributors of Sigma Aldrich chemicals and can supply leading brands of laboratory products including Fisher Scientific, SciLabware, Julabo, Grants Instruments, Hanna Instruments, Jenway, Mettler Toledo and Ohaus. Consumables Chemicals Equipment Custom & Scientific Glassware Yorlab specializes in the production of high quality custom glassware for science and industry. We have more than 40 years experience in the design and construction of bespoke glassware and run a specialist workshop with six full-time glassblowers. Glassblowing Customised Glassware Maintaining Repairing Your Glassware Apparatus and Rigs Laboratory Services Yorlab provides a complete laboratory design, maintenance and fit out service to help you create the perfect laboratory for your needs. Whether you need a completely new facility or to upgrade and refurbish an existing one, we can help. Furniture Fittings Complete Laboratory Design Fit Maintenance Repairs Latest News More news A new North East office, a new website and a new look for YorLab Yorlab is marking a triple celebration as it opens its new North East office in South Hetton, launches its new [] Read more Testimonials Whether we are ordering routine laboratory consumables, trying to locate obscure chemicals, or having glassware custom made, their staff are never less than professional and courteous.  Phone calls and emails are answered promptly, queries are responded to and technical advice given by people who know what they are talking about – not just reading from a brochure! From initial contact with helpful office staff, to final delivery by friendly drivers – their attitude and performance can’t be beaten.  They are the only lab supplier we have on speed-dial!” Quality Control Administrator, If you need any advice or assistance please don't hesitate to give us a call. York +44 (0) 1904 488 599 +44 (0) 1904 489 358 Durham +44(0) 1915 260 897 +44(0) 1915 260 600 2014 Yorlab York Web Design by The Cybermill 
