 Search Go Home About Us Products Electronic Transcripts Transcripts On Demand Diplomas On Demand Secured Transcript Paper Corporate Security Paper Web Conferences Contact Us Students & Alumni 01 eSCRIP-SAFE 02 Diplomas on Demand 03 Transcripts on Demand 04 Secured Transcript Paper Pause SCRIP-SAFE® is a global leader for innovative document security solutions for both paper and electronic records. We provide secured electronic delivery of transcripts, desktop diploma printing software and decorated diploma paper. Plus, we print transcript paper for more than 1,800 customers annually. The eSCRIP-SAFE® Global Electronic Delivery Network includes hundreds ofschools and organizations worldwide. eSCRIP-SAFE Hits 3,000,000 Mark! SCRIP-SAFE has now delivered over 3,000,000 electronic transcripts through our eSCRIP-SAFE electronic transcript service. Contact us today to learn how your institution can join this terrific service! Latest News Friday, September 27, 2013 SCRIP-SAFE Welcomes the American Medical College Application Service (AMCAS) to the eSCRIP-SAFE Electronic Transcript Delivery Network Tuesday, September 24, 2013 Career Cruising & SCRIP-SAFE Partner to Streamline College Applications Tuesday, July 16, 2013 Joe Orndorff, CEO and President, Update on Ellucian API More News Electronic Transcripts Transcripts On Demand Diplomas On Demand Secured Transcript Paper Corporate Security Paper Careers News Privacy Statement Contact Us Site Map  2013 SCRIP-SAFE International SCRIP-SAFE International provides secure document solutions including Electronic Transcripts, Diploma Printing, Transcript Request Service, Transcript Security Paper, Corporate Security Paper, Academic Transcripts, Certificate Paper and Laboratory Notebooks. Our suite of Global Document Protection solutions guard Academic Credentials and Confidential Documents against Fraud and duplication using Global Watermark Protection, Custom Latent Images, Authorized Signatures and Seals, Brown Stain Paper, Secure Postal Addresses and Security Envelopes. Our proprietary products such as eSCRIP-SAFE, Transcripts On Demand and Diplomas On Demand arm university registrars, admissions offices and businesses with the most advanced technologies for maximum document security and operational efficiency. 
