 E. W. Dijkstra Useful General Links Godfried Toussaint's Course Topics on the Web Graphs Trees Gravity as a Computer: Pythagoras' Theorem: (An award winning proof and interactive Java applet demo) (with interactive Java applets) GRACE A New Look at Euclid's Second Proposition ( PostScript PDF ) (with interactive Java applet) (Luc Devroye's class notes) (Luc Devroye's class notes) Computability theory Recursion (Luc Devroye's class notes) 2. Notes on how to do proofs Constructive Proofs: Proofs by Contradiction: Induction Proofs: Induction Algorithm Design: Polynomial evaluation 3. Stack Queue Array Deque 4. Graphs: Graph data structures: Ethan's notes Proximity graphs: Hamiltonian Tours: Hamiltonian cycles in dense graphs: Ore's Theorem Backward induction proof Minimum Spanning Trees: et Graph and Map Coloring: Planarity and the Torus 5. Trees: Introduction to Trees: Logarithms Quad trees Balanced trees: (also AVL and Red-Black trees) Heaps: Huffman trees and data compression: More about More about Robert Fano More About Morse Code Entropy Spelling correction programs. ..... Decision trees Game trees: Play Checkers Chinook Play Othello Play Chess Game trees Tetris 6. Sequential search Binary search: (Java applet) (Java applet demo) Maze searching: Interpolation search Nearest Neighbor Search: Voronoi diagram methods Closest-pair searching in the plane ! Branch-and-bound The A* algorithm 7. Closest pair problem Line segment intersections 8. Complexity, convexity and unimodality Hill climbing algorithms Quick sort Quick hull 9. Sorting Finding closest pair Convex hulls 10. Convex hulls of polygons Convex hulls of points 11. Convex hulls of polygons Convex hulls of points 12. Convex hulls of point sets 13. Distributive sorting Bucketing methods Bucket sort Radix sort 14. Convex hulls 15. Megiddo's linear time algorithm (with Java applet) 16. Randomization Monte-Carlo Algorithms Las-Vegas Algorithms Randomized convex hull Monte Carlo Simulation: 17. 18. s (learning machines). (PDF) 19.1 Numbers Newton's Method: Prime Numbers: Sorting Numbers: PostScript file ), ( ) (in place version and comparison to heapsort) Polygon Triangulation: have ears mouths The one-mouth theorem: Diagonal insertion Prune-and-Search: (PostScript) Polygons: crossing, simple and convex. : The area of a polygon. Convex Hulls: (interactive Java demos) (Jarvis' March) (stretching an elastic band) Voronoi Diagrams: 21. 22. 21. 
