 Adventure Auto Culture Entertainment Home Garden Money Science Tech Video Shows Quizzes Games Computer Electronics Home Tech Computer Computer Software File Sharing More Stuff Like This 10 Weird Patents That Google Owns What's the technological singularity? Puzzle: Cell Phones How File Compression Works by Tom Harris 1 Introduction to How File Compression Works 2 Redundancy and Algorithms 3 Searching for Patterns 4 Lossy and Lossless Compression Most types of computer files are fairly redundant -- they have the same information listed over and over again. HowStuffWorks.com Related Links How MP3 Files Work How are movies stored on DVD discs? How to Defrag Your Hard Drive If you download many programs and files off the Internet, you've probably encountered ZIP files before. This compression system is a very handy invention, especially for Web users, because it lets you reduce the overall number of bits and bytes in a file so it can be transmitted faster over slower Internet connections, or take up less space on a disk. Once you download the file, your computer uses a program such as WinZip or Stuffit to expand the file back to its original size. If everything works correctly, the expanded file is identical to the original file before it was compressed. At first glance, this seems very mysterious. How can you reduce the number of bits and bytes and then add those exact bits and bytes back later? As it turns out, the basic idea behind the process is fairly straightforward. In this article, we'll examine this simple method as we take a very small file through the basic process of compression. Most types of computer files are fairly redundant -- they have the same information listed over and over again. File-compression programs simply get rid of the redundancy. Instead of listing a piece of information over and over again, a file-compression program lists that information once and then refers back to it whenever it appears in the original program. As an example, let's look at a type of information we're all familiar with: words. In John F. Kennedy's 1961 inaugural address, he delivered this famous line: Ask not what your country can do for you -- ask what you can do for your country. The quote has 17 words, made up of 61 letters, 16 spaces, one dash and one period. If each letter, space or punctuation mark takes up one unit of memory , we get a total file size of 79 units. To get the file size down, we need to look for redundancies. Immediately, we notice that: appears two times appears two times appears two times appears two times appears two times appears two times appears two times appears two times Ignoring the difference between capital and lower-case letters, roughly half of the phrase is redundant. Nine words -- ask, not, what, your, country, can, do, for, you -- give us almost everything we need for the entire quote. To construct the second half of the phrase, we just point to the words in the first half and fill in the spaces and punctuation. We'll look at how file-compression systems deal with redundancy in more detail in the next section. Print Cite This! Close Please copy/paste the following text to properly cite this HowStuffWorks article: Citation & Date Feedback 1 Introduction to How File Compression Works 2 Redundancy and Algorithms 3 Searching for Patterns 4 Lossy and Lossless Compression 5 Lots More Information More To Explore Popular Tech Topics Mac, ENIAC or UNIVAC: The Computer History Quiz Top 5 Myths About the Internet How to Connect Your Computer to Your TV How Capacitors Work How Cloud Computing Works Take a look at Computer Videos You Might Also Like How The Pirate Bay Works File sharing is a controversial and, in many cases, illegal pastime. Sites that track BitTorrent files are already magnets for scrutiny. But with a name like The Pirate Bay, you know the site will get extra attention. 10 Signs That Streaming Movie Site Isn't Legit Streaming movies are a convenient way to catch a flick, but some of those online sites can be iffy. We'll show you how to tell a legal one from a sketchy one in this article. Popular Articles How Palm webOS Works How to Change the Layout of a Word 2010 Chart 5 Important Jobs Your Operating System Handles Without You Knowing MOST POPULAR Most Watched MOST POPULAR Most Watched Don't Miss Hard Science: Taking Science Experiments to the Extreme Explore the Stuff of Genius behind incredible inventions. Look into the future with Fw:Thinking. CHECK OUT OUR PODCASTS HOWSTUFFWORKS NEWSLETTER THE LATEST AND GREATEST SUBSCRIBE HOWSTUFFWORKS Adventure Auto Culture Entertainment Health Home Garden Lifestyle Money Science Tech MORE STUFF Blogs Games HSW Tools RSS Maps Podcasts Quizzes Newsletters Video OUR WEBSITES Animal Planet Animalist Animal Planet Live Destination America Discovery Channel Discovery Fit Health Discovery News FWThinking HSW Brazil HSW China Investigation Discovery Oprah Winfrey Network Revision3 Science Channel Velocity Stuff You Should Know Stuff to Blow Your Mind Stuff of Genius TLC Discovery Education Discovery Retreats Store CUSTOMER SERVICE Advertising Contact Us Help CORPORATE About Us Careers @ Discovery Privacy Policy Visitor Agreement TAKE US WITH YOU FOLLOW US 1998-2014 HowStuffWorks, Inc 
