 Education Art History Search Artists Styles Works of Art Share Must Reads 60-Second Artist Bios Art History Timelines How to Write an Art History Paper What Is Art? The Art History Glossary Browse Topic Artists A to Z Art History 101 Timelines of Art History Ancient Art History Medieval Art History Renaissance Art History Modern Art History Contemporary Art History Images / Picture Galleries Types of Visual Art Art by Location / Culture Art Museums / Galleries Making the Rounds American Chronicles: The Art of Norman Rockwell This beloved painter's work, including all of his Saturday Evening Post covers, is currently on an extensive U.S. tour. Read More ť Recent Exhibitions Picasso: Guitars 19121914 Hide/Seek: Difference and Desire in American Portraiture Rembrandt and His School Explore Art History Art History Coloring Pages The Chester Dale Collection Looking at Autumn With the autumnal equinox behind us in the Northern Hemisphere, it might be fun to take a closer look at the inventive lengths to which Giuseppe Arcimboldo here went with Autumn . And just because we can, other artistic Fall offerings are listed below. Read More ť More Autumn Art Antonio Rasio - Autumn, ca. 1685-95 Marsden Hartley - Autumn, ca. 1910 Louis C. Tiffany - Autumn, 1923-24 Art History Spotlight 10 Guess the Artist Monday November 5, 2012 The artist worked as a manuscript illuminator and panel painter during the Early Italian Renaissance. Giorgio Vasari, fount of suspect information, claimed the artist trained under a person who was beatified by Pope John Paul II centuries later. In reality, there is no documentation supporting Vasari's claim (I know! Try to recover from your shock!), but our artist clearly admired the future Blessed's work. The artist came from a Florentine family that constantly battled with the Medici clan over who had the most wealth and power. At various times, over the course of 100 years or so, both parties sent rivaling family leaders (an ever-evolving cast of characters) into exile. When both leaders were in Florence, they competed to build the most imposing palazzo -- the artist's family won, by the way, which incited yet another de' Medici to confiscate their palazzo and not return ownership for 30 years. Naturally, all concerned kept marrying their daughters off to the other family thanks to the "friends close, enemies closer" philosophy. This work is one of 17 illuminations the artist created for a Book of Hours commissioned by a third Florentine family. They were not nobility, but kept marrying up and acquiring more money by any means necessary. Wealthy, though not nearly as wealthy as the other two, they were known around town for acting like flashy nouveau riche types. This tribe also had a tendency to pick feuds with just about anybody over anything. The list of people they alienated in the late 13th- and early 14th-centuries includes the Guelphs, the Ghibellines and the Neri, as well as Dante Alighieri, who slammed them in the seventeenth canto of the "Paradise" portion of his Divine Comedy email me Last Week's Answer: set of clues didn't seem that easy, but nearly everyone knew that it was Picasso and his Mama. (Many of you were also winners of my top secret Pithy Picasso Comment award.) I can't single anyone out because Sandy knocked me offline for a while and all of the answers came in at the same time. So congratulations, All, and thanks for participating! Comments (0) Permalink Share October Treats Wednesday October 31, 2012 It is Halloween and I am costumed as that famous painting Functionally Literate Middle-Aged Woman with Bad Hairdo Movements! We've got 'em: Romanticism , Neo-Classicism , Realism , and that highly ambiguous term " The Baroque ." Didn't we have these before now? No. Shameful, but hopefully rectified. An artist I aodre: Cecilia Beaux . And some words the Art World likes to throw out there with no explanation: fęte champętre , objet trouvé , and ready-made . Comments (0) Permalink Share Malcolm D. MacDougall III: Parallel Worlds (Updated) Wednesday October 31, 2012 Malcolm D. MacDougall III . His show, Parallel Worlds , is scheduled to open on November 9 at 287 SPRING , a gallery and performance venue in the Hudson Square district. (I have no idea how 287 SPRING is faring, but it is many blocks *south* of the 14th Street Con Edison power station that exploded Monday night. Here's hoping that all is functional in Lower Manhattan soon.) If you have the chance and the inclination, treat yourself to Malcolm's show. It runs through Saturday, December 8, 2012. Oh, by the way: you know Parallel World's curator. It is our own, beloved Beth S. Gersh-Neic Update (Monday, November 5): The opening of Parallel Worlds will happen this coming Friday as scheduled, and the New Museum is now open. Unfortunately, many galleries and artists' studios were not spared. If you can bear to look, Hrag Vartanian has been posting updates and photos of the unholy mess on Hyperallergic P.S. If you don't know of Hrag Image Credit Rhizomes , 2010 Comments (0) Permalink Share Guess the Artist Monday October 29, 2012 This is an early work. It was painted in the 19th-century. You know who the artist is. The sitter is connected to the least complicated relationship the artist ever had with another human being. email me The Last Answer: when last we met was Jan Matejko (Polish, 1838-1893), and the portrait was of Boleslaw III (a.k.a.: Boleslaw the Wrymouth; 1086-1138), Prince of Poland from 1107 to 1138. Yolanta from Toronto knew this immediately, and assured me that it was an easy challenge if one has a Polish background -- which, I discovered, many, many readers do. Congratulations to Yolanta, and thanks to all who participated! Comments (0) Permalink Share See More Explore Art History Must Reads 60-Second Artist Bios Art History Timelines How to Write an Art History Paper What Is Art? The Art History Glossary Most Popular What Are the Elements of Art? The Last Supper by Leonardo da Vinci Pop Art - Art History 101 Basics The Sistine Chapel Ceiling by Michelangelo What is Dada? By Category Artists A to Z Art History 101 Timelines of Art History Ancient Art History Medieval Art History Renaissance Art History Modern Art History Contemporary Art History Images / Picture Galleries Types of Visual Art Art by Location / Culture Art Museums / Galleries Art History About.com Education Art History Most Popular Latest Articles RSS Advertise on About.com Our Story News SiteMap All Topics Reprints Help Write for About Careers at About User Agreement Ethics Policy Patent Info. Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices and Cookie Policy 2014 About.com. All rights reserved. 
