 • Oscar-winning director Errol Morris interviews Jonathan Lopez at the NYTimes.com • The Philadelphia Inquirer interviews Jonathan Lopez about a recent Andrew Wyeth forgery case. Jonathan Lopez in the blogs and on the web: Errol Morris - Zoom - at NYTimes.com Philly.com How Stuff Works Alberti's Window Terry Teachout - Commentary 15 Bytes Gawker.com Word Zoo DrunkenFist.com M.A.D. Books Bedford Square TheEssentialVermeer.com Culture Making 2nd Sex Fauna: Flowers Love Spezzella FailureMag.com kottke.org Dubious Quality Summer Moon Galleycat Wall Street Pit TEF Fund Report TheCompulsiveReader.com Jonathan Lopez is an American writer and art historian. Born in 1969 in New York City, he was educated there and at Harvard. He writes about art and culture for The Wall Street Journal and serves on the editorial board of Art Antiques . His book, The Man Who Made Vermeers, is a biography of the art forger Han van Meegeren. Jonathan is a long-time contributor to London-based Apollo: The International Magazine of the Arts , where he publishes exhibition reviews, features, and scholarly work. His noted December 2007 Apollo article Gross False Pretences related the details of an acrimonious 1908 dispute between the art dealer Leo Nardus and the wealthy industrialist P. A. B. Widener of Philadelphia. Upon publication, Gross False Pretences was praised in The Guardian (UK) and has since been cited widely in the academic literature on the history of collecting. Jonathan has also published with the Associated Press, The Boston Globe, US News World Report, The International Herald Tribune , ARTnews, the magazine Antiques, and the Dutch newsweekly De Groene Amsterdammer . He is a member of the National Book Critics Circle (NBCC) and of the US section of the International Association of Art Critics (AICA-USA). The Man Who Made Vermeers , is based on three years of archival research conducted in five nations, as well as interviews with the descendents of Han van Meegeren's partners in crime. The book has received extensive attention in the press , including from The New Yorker's Peter Schjeldahl, who cited the narrative for its profoundly researched, focused, absorbing depth. The Man Who Made Vermeers was a finalist for the National Award for Arts Writing and for the 2009 Edgar Allan Poe Award ( The Edgar ) for the year's best non-fiction crime book - called the category by the Mystery Writers of America, the organization that sponsors the Edgar Awards. Jonathan has lectured at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York; the National Gallery of Art, Washington, D.C.; and the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, among other institutions. His next book, In the Light of God , will be a wide-ranging study of Vincent van Gogh, emphasizing the role of faith, Evangelism, and the cultural underpinnings of the Dutch Reformed Church in the artist's life and work. Jonathan lives in Manhattan with his wife, who is a professor of art history, and their dog, Charley , who is a yellow Labrador Retriever. Charley at 4 months . Video Cleveland Museum of Art: November 11, 2009 • • • Podcast: Jonathan Lopez discusses The Man Who Made Vermeers with Faith Middleton on WNPR, Connecticut Public Radio. Podcast: Jonathan Lopez discusses The Man Who Made Vermeers on ABC Radio National's Late Night Live with Phillip Adams. Podcast: Jonathan Lopez discusses Vermeer and Old Master forgery at the National Gallery of Art, Washington, as part of the NGA's Notable Lecture series. • • • New York Times Chicago Tribune New York Sun L.A. Times New Yorker Houston Chronicle Salon Brooklyn Rail Washington Times NRC Handelsblad Newark Star-Ledger Art Antiques CAA Reviews Virginia Quarterly Review Burlington Magazine ARTnews New York Review of Books Adrian Kinloch 
