 Skip to main content About Download Documentation Support Wiki Gallery ? Log in Log out BRL-CAD is a powerful cross-platform open source solid modeling system that includes interactive geometry editing, high-performance ray-tracing for rendering and geometric analysis, image and signal-processing tools, a system performance analysis benchmark suite, libraries for robust geometric representation, with more than 20 years of active development. Google Code-In 2013 Submitted by Sean on Mon, 2013/12/16 - 13:09 Out of only 10 selected, we're very proud to announce that BRL-CAD is participating in the 2013 Google Code-In (GCI) program! Complementary to the highly successful Google Summer of Code program for university students, GCI is a contest through January 6th encouraging pre-university students (age 13-17) to get involved with open source. Read more about Google Code-In 2013 Documentation Redux Submitted by Sean on Sat, 2013/10/26 - 02:34 BRL-CAD was selected to participate in the 2013 Google Summer of Code Doc Camp . A team of contributors got together in California, brainstormed, and wrote an entire book for BRL-CAD in just a few days. They created a guide for contributing to BRL-CAD. Read more about Documentation Redux BRL-CAD Release 7.24.0, Archer Alpha Submitted by Sean on Tue, 2013/07/02 - 15:24 After nearly an entire year's worth of intense collaborative effort, the 7.24.0 major release of BRL-CAD is now available for download ! This is the alpha release unveiling of Archer/MGED, a preliminary interface update to BRL-CAD's graphical geometry editor. Some highlights include an integrated graphical tree view, a single window framework, drag and drop geometry editing, information panels, shortcut buttons, improved polygonal mesh and 2D sketch editing, level of detail wireframes, NURBS shaded display support, and much more. Read more about BRL-CAD Release 7.24.0, Archer Alpha 2013 Google Summer of Code Submitted by Sean on Wed, 2013/05/01 - 01:33 For our fifth year, BRL-CAD is once again participating in the Google Summer of Code (GSoC)! Students must submit a proposal application before the May 3rd deadline with selected students announced on May 27th. Those selected get to work on various interesting projects that help improve BRL-CAD. Read more about 2013 Google Summer of Code Google Code-In Submitted by Sean on Mon, 2012/11/12 - 20:41 Out of only 10 chosen , I'm delighted to announce that BRL-CAD was accepted to participate in Google Code-In (GCI)! Complementary to the highly successful Google Summer of Code program for university students, GCI is a contest encouraging pre-university students (age 13-17) to get involved with open source. Students will work our "itty-bitty" tasks related to code, documentation/training, outreach/research, quality assurance, and user interface. Read more about Google Code-In BRL-CAD Release 7.22.0 Submitted by Sean on Tue, 2012/08/07 - 19:02 After more than six months development, BRL-CAD 7.22.0 is now available! This is a substantial introduction of a new development line encompassing more changes than any prior version since BRL-CAD's release as free open source software. Read more about BRL-CAD Release 7.22.0 Open Shading Language Submitted by Sean on Fri, 2012/05/25 - 15:31 The forwarded announcement below describes an achievement for one of our optional dependencies, the Open Shading Language (OSL) from Sony Pictures Imageworks. OSL is basically an open source shader system that helps rendering tools make better pictures. Kudos to their developers -- it's quite an impressive achievement to have an entire film shaded with just OSL. Read more about Open Shading Language Introducing our 2012 GSoC Students Submitted by Sean on Mon, 2012/05/21 - 23:36 For BRL-CAD's fourth year participating in the Google Summer of Code , we expanded our involvement and accepted a record 11 students. Predominantly evaluated on the student's ability to develop, communicate, and interact, their proposals were selected from among more than 50 received as exceptional candidate developers for BRL-CAD. A categorized summary of this year's projects follows. Read more about Introducing our 2012 GSoC Students 2012 Google Summer of Code Submitted by Sean on Fri, 2012/03/16 - 12:30 Google Summer of Code ! BRL-CAD was selected as a mentoring organization and will be helping students develop project proposals through the April 6th application deadline. Any students interested in joining the BRL-CAD development team this summer can jump straight to our project ideas page . We're certainly open to other ideas too. As a comparatively smaller development community, chances of having a good application accepted are (very) high with BRL-CAD so join our mailing list and introduce yourself today! Read more about 2012 Google Summer of Code Coverity Case Study: BRL-CAD Development Testing Submitted by Sean on Mon, 2012/02/27 - 15:04 A little over a month ago at a week-long coffee-infused hack-a-thon in-person gathering, many of our core developers worked on improving BRL-CAD's source code. The team inspected and fixed more than fifteen hundred issues being reported by Coverity Static Analysis*. Just released, the 2011 Coverity Open Source Integrity Report includes a two-page case study detailing our efforts. The free report is available (registration req'd) through the Open Scan Initiative website. Read more about Coverity Case Study: BRL-CAD Development Testing Pages 1 2 3 4 5 next › last » All trademarks referenced herein are the properties of their respective owners. This site is not sponsored, endorsed, or run by the U.S. Government. 
 solidThinking Lang Contact English / English Italian / Italiano Japanese / 日本 Chinese / 中文 German / Deutsch Spanish / español Sign Up for Our Newsletter Sneak peeks, updates, release dates, tips, tricks, and turials. Provide your primary email in the box at the right and we'll keep you up-to-date with the latest news from solidThinking. This site NEVER shares your personal information with a third party Products Inspire Evolve Explore Stories Videos Images Events Buy Business & Professionals Students & Educators Support Tutorials Tips and Tricks F.A.Q. Forum Download Request Trial Products Models Community Newsletter Blog YouTube Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Forum Need Help? Design products Learn More Learn what's new in both Inspire and Evolve. Learn More Model freely. Learn More Learn More Customer Spotlight Whats Happening Novellini Group Novellini has been using solidThinking in several of its production departments since 2003 to meet a wide range of needs. Learn More Deelip reviews Inspire Learn More Golden Mousetrap Award Inspire Wins the Design News Golden Mousetrap Design Tools Award Learn More Design News on Inspire "The interface is attractive, but still gives access to everything an engineer could need." Learn More Evolve on Yanko Design Learn More Virtual Desktop Learn More Core77 features Evolve Learn More Inspire in Cadalyst Learn More Campus Ambassador Program Apply now to become an Inspire "U" Ambassador. Learn More Architosh: AIA National Learn More Tutorials Got questions? We’ve got answers to your Inspire and Evolve inquiries in our FAQ. Visit Tutorials Tips & Tricks Get the latest Tips & Tricks for Inspire and Evolve. Visit Tips Tricks Forum Come join others in talking solidThinking and design. Forum Sign Up for Our Newsletter This site NEVER shares your personal information with a third party. Products Inspire Evolve Explore Stories Videos Images Events Buy Business & Professionals Students & Educators Support Tutorials Tips and Tricks F.A.Q. Forum Download Request Trial Products Models Community Follow Us Forum Blog Need Help? Company Info About Us News Events Partners Careers Contact Us An Company Legal --None-- Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegowina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocoa (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote Divoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard and Mc Donald Islands Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao Peoples Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia,Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia,Federated States Of Moldova,Republic of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island North Korea Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Other Pakistan Palau Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia (Slovak Republic) Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia South Sandwich Islands South Korea Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Pierre and Miquelon Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania,United Republic of Thailand Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Minor Outlying Islands United States of America Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State (Holy See) Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis and Futuna Islands Western Sahara Yemen Yugoslavia Zaire Zambia Zimbabwe --None-- AK AL AR AZ CA CO CT DC DE FL GA HI IA ID IL IN KS KY LA MA MD ME MI MN MO MS MT NC ND NE NH NJ NM NV NY OH OK OR PA RI SC SD TN TX UT VA VT WA WI WV WY --None-- Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland Nova Scotia Northwest Territories Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Contact Us * * * * --None-- Consumer Products Electronics Furniture Automotive/Transportation Marine Aircraft/Aerospace Heavy Equipment Jewelry/Watch Footwear Apparel/Accessories Packaging Mold Design CAM/Manufacturing Rapid Prototyping Reverse Engineering Architectural Design Interior Design Exhibit/Booth Design Multimedia/Web Rendering/Animation Games Design Sculpture/Graphic Arts Education Software Distribution Consultancy Press Other * * * * Info * Link * Do you want to subscribe to solidThinking Newsletter? * --None-- Yes No Are you a current solidThinking customer? --None-- No Yes Are you a current HyperWorks customer? --None-- No Yes What's the best way to contact you? --None-- Phone Email How did you hear about solidThinking? --None-- Advertisement Article Blog Contest Event Friend/Colleague Social Media Web Search Product * --None-- Inspire Evolve * Request Trial * * * * --None-- Consumer Products Electronics Furniture Automotive/Transportation Marine Aircraft/Aerospace Heavy Equipment Jewelry/Watch Footwear Apparel/Accessories Packaging Mold Design CAM/Manufacturing Rapid Prototyping Reverse Engineering Architectural Design Interior Design Exhibit/Booth Design Multimedia/Web Rendering/Animation Games Design Sculpture/Graphic Arts Education Software Distribution Consultancy Press Other * * * * Info * Link * Do you want to subscribe to solidThinking Newsletter? * --None-- Yes No Are you a current solidThinking customer? --None-- Yes No Are you a current HyperWorks customer? --None-- Yes No What's the best way to contact you? --None-- Phone Email Product: * --None-- Evolve Inspire Primary CAD Provider: * --None-- Autodesk Dissault PTC ProE Rhino Siemens SolidWorks Other None Operating System: * --None-- Windows Macintosh How did you hear about solidThinking? --None-- Advertisement Article Blog Contest Event Friend/Colleague Social Media Web Search Comments * Request Trial * * * * --None-- Consumer Products Electronics Furniture Automotive/Transportation Marine Aircraft/Aerospace Heavy Equipment Jewelry/Watch Footwear Apparel/Accessories Packaging Mold Design CAM/Manufacturing Rapid Prototyping Reverse Engineering Architectural Design Interior Design Exhibit/Booth Design Multimedia/Web Rendering/Animation Games Design Sculpture/Graphic Arts Education Software Distribution Consultancy Press Other * * * * Info * Link * Do you want to subscribe to solidThinking Newsletter? * --None-- Yes No What's the best way to contact you? --None-- Phone Email * Quote Request Form * * * * * --None-- Consumer Products Electronics Furniture Automotive/Transportation Marine Aircraft/Aerospace Heavy Equipment Jewelry/Watch Footwear Apparel/Accessories Packaging Mold Design CAM/Manufacturing Rapid Prototyping Reverse Engineering Architectural Design Interior Design Exhibit/Booth Design Multimedia/Web Rendering/Animation Games Design Sculpture/Graphic Arts Education Software Distribution Consultancy Press Other * * * * Do you want to subscribe to solidThinking Newsletter? --None-- Yes No Are you a current solidThinking customer? --None-- Yes No Do you want to upgrade an older version? --None-- Yes No Are you a current HyperWorks customer? --None-- Yes No What's the best way to contact you? --None-- Phone Email Product: * --None-- Evolve Inspire Operating System: * --None-- Windows Vista Windows XP Win Mac-Intel Osx Mac Unix Os X Leopard Anything else we should know? Info * Link * * Academic License Request * * * --None-- Student Educator * Education * * * * * Do you want to subscribe to solidThinking Newsletter? * --None-- Yes No Product: --None-- Evolve Inspire Operating System: --None-- Windows Vista Windows XP Win Mac-Intel Osx Mac Unix Os X Leopard Anything else we should know? Info * Link * * 
 gis Le Boit http://www.le-boite.com Home Minos Home Minos News Capabilities License Download Training Documentation FAQ Design Gallery By the Author of PRELUDE A micro-engine created with MINOS 2.2. Your Personal 3D solid CAD system Make It Easy on Yourself Extruding contours along a line Revolving contours about an axis Sweeping contours along an arbitrary 3D path Blazing Speed Believe What You See ! Avoid this ! See this ! says that you are visitor number Contact Me About the author Site Map Copyright Rgis Le Boit 1997-2011 
 3D-modeling and unfolding CAD program for Mac and Windows About Lundström Design Boat animations by Swedish Steel Yachts TouchCAD used for image wrapping of a 156 feet long airship, used for promoting the Despicable Me 2 movie. TouchCAD presentation by Laurie McGowan at IBEX 2012 exhibition TouchCAD veteran Laurie McGowan talks about his marine design business in Westlawn Masthead magazine. TouchCAD in Umbrella tent development TouchCAD is a combined 3D modeling and unfolding CAD program focusing on the ability to generate complex 3D shapes, and converting them into models being possible to build physically. TouchCAD can be used for a wide range of tasks such as marine design, production of soft material based objects such as tents, blimps, awnings, inflatable objects, reversed engineering where copies of existing objects are being recreated, sheet metal objects, industrial and architectural design, sculptures, etc. TouchCAD can also unfold very high resolution images applied to 3D models, and create photo realistic graphics on 3D models, such as inflatable objects, blimps and advertising boards.. TouchCAD is a cross platform program available for Mac OSX 10.4-10.9 (Intel processors only), and Windows XP/Vista/Windows 7/8. More about TouchCAD here... 
 Shop Make + Sell Sign in Username Password Remember me Forgot my sign in Join Currency $ India Change Currency Submit Art Mathematical Art Memes Sculptures Fashion Bags & Purses Belts Glasses Wallets Home Accessories Dining Furniture Lighting Gadgets Accessories Cases Desk Toys Keychains & Key Fobs Music Robotics Games Board Games Dice Puzzles Toys Jewelry Bracelets Cufflinks Earrings Necklaces Pendants Rings Maker/DIY Mechanical Parts Drones Miniatures Figurines Memorabilia Model Trains SciFi Vehicles Make Your Own Custom Ring Creator 2D to 3D Custom Sake Set Custom Holiday Ornament Feed Shops Jeewel IZ4 The Magic Shop Designer Spotlight Gifts Gift Guide Gift Cards Holiday Shipping Info Blog Featured Picks Art Fashion For Your Home Gadgets Games Jewelry Maker/DIY Miniatures Give a Gift Card Share the magic Âť More Than a 3D Printing Service Turn ideas into products Âť Meme-land! Now Trending: A Little Sad Keanu Reeves $45.00 by neuralfirings honey badger $24.99 by kspaho Longcat vs Tacgnol $69.99 by TheInternets Banana Doge for Scale $14.99 by TheInternets Me Gusta Coin $48.86 by chosetec Feel like a sir meme miniature $14.38 by Ewoud Reddit Alien riding the Narwhal $19.99 by kspaho doge $19.99 by ryankittleson Potato Jesus, Miracle Potato Chip $9.99 by ryankittleson Socially Awkward Penguin iPhone 5 Case $19.99 by kspaho Moon Moon $35.41 by NikkruGadgets Joseph Ducreux Sculpture $35.99 by ryankittleson Designer Spotlight FEATURED DESIGNER Rob Mack Maskadelic "I personally, was thoroughly hooked on the freedom I now have to inject a new personality into each design." Party Mask 'Mystical Mind' Party Mask 'Ancient Mantra' Shamantra Mastery From the Shapeways Blog SXSW 2014: Meet the People behind 3D Printing at Shapeways Heading to Austin for SXSW 2014? So are we! Its time to ditch the polar vortex, dust off our cowboy boots and talk tech at the biggest interact... Read More Reddit Best Practices For Showcasing Your Work Reddit is a powerful platform to utilize for promoting your shop or showcasing your 3D printed products. If you're a avid Redditor or lurker then ... Read More Designer Spotlight: Thomas Schwarzenbart This week we'd like to introduce Thomas Schwarzenbart, an automotive engineer who also happens to make amazing scale models, ranging from plums to ... Read More What is Shapeways? 3D printing for everyone. Check out how it works Âť Turn ideas into real products. Create yours now Âť Shop the future. Shop now Âť Shapeways in the News The New York Times TechCrunch Wired Mashable Fast Company All Things D Today About us How Shapeways works Press Contact us Jobs Developers Help Customer support FAQs Shipping info Tutorials for making Get 3D Printed Inspiration Weekly top designs, exclusive offers, tips, and tricks. @Shapeways #SXSW2014 bound? Our CEO @weijmarshausen is discussing the future of 3DP with @autodesk CEO @carlbass : shpws.me/qXKk Twitter Flickr Meetup Facebook Tumblr YouTube ÂŠ 2014 Shapeways, Inc. Privacy Statement Terms Conditions Content Policy Take-Down Notice 
 About ThreeDify News Contact English 简体中文 Toll-Free in North America: 1.877.453.0656 Home Products General Solutions Lightweight 3D tools for design/ graphing Excel Grapher - 3D/4D Graphing in Excel Designer - 3D design model viewing 3Doffice - 3D add-on for Microsoft Office Geological/Mining Solutions Innovative tools for mining industry Excel CoreBlock - Easy Rresource Estimator GeoModeler - Next-gen orebody modeller FlowPit - 3D/4D open pit optimization Multi-Cut - N-best cutoff grade optimiser Stopemizer - Rigorous Stope Optimizer Multi-Mine - Strategic Options Analysis Developer Solutions 3D modelling libraries for developers Videos/Tutorials ThreeDify Excel Grapher Plot 3D/4D Graph in Excel ThreeDify Excel CoreBlock Ore resource estimator ThreeDify FlowPit 4D open pit optimizer ThreeDify GeoModeler Next generation orebody modeler ThreeDify Stopemizer Rigorous 3D Stope Optimizer ThreeDify Designer/3Doffice 3D graphic design model viewing Company About ThreeDify ThreeDify Overview Contact ThreeDify Contact information and driving directions Testimonials Careers at ThreeDify Find your place at ThreeDify News Releases ThreeDify News Releases Store Buy ThreeDify Excel Grapher Purchase the full version online Buy ThreeDify Designer Purchase the full version online Buy ThreeDify 3Doffice Purchase the full version online Buy ThreeDify Excel CoreBlock Purchase the full version online Downloads Download ThreeDify Designer Free trial of Designer (ActiveSolid) Download ThreeDify 3Doffice Download the free trial version Download Excel Grapher Download the free trial version Support General Support Contact, Training, Forum and Live Support Contact - General contact form for support Training Schedules - Date and times Consulting - Consultations FAQs Documentation and FAQs Designer 3Doffice Grapher FlowPit Optimize open pit boundary with guaranteed maximum profit Handle large block models with ease and precision without super-blocking Compatible with all other general mining packages with 32-bit and 64-bit versions Learn More 3D Graphing in Excel is as easy as highlighting a range of cells Communicate and collaborate your 3D designs in Microsoft Office Add WOW factor to your PowerPoint presentations or Excel spreadsheets Learn More Highlight, color-code and animate your drillhole data within Excel Impress your prospects with a live video demo of your project Both 32-bit and 64-bit versions are available Learn More Model deposits of any size, shape and complexity with ease and precision Visualize large and multi-body ore deposits in real-time Cost effective and easy-to-use. Both 32-bit and 64-bit versions are available Learn More ThreeDify GeoModeler Video Demo ThreeDify GeoModeler provides true 3D volumetric modeling, geostatistical analysis and visualization to help geologists improve accuracy and reduce uncertainty for better ore reserve estimation. GeoModeler features an easy-to-use dynamic anisotropy option for accurate resource estimation. It also provides a fast implicit modelling module to save geologists' time for preliminary evaluation of their deposits. About ThreeDify ThreeDify ("THREE - DEE - IF - EYE") is an innovative software technology company that provides 3D geological and mining software solutions. With a variety of easy-to-use and innovative products, ThreeDify offers a highly efficient and cost effective way to carry out geological modelling, strategic mine planning and 3D visualizations. Complimentary to these products, ThreeDify also offers a variety of 3D design, model viewing and graphing tools as add-on software to the Microsoft Office Suite – the perfect WOW-factor to any presentation or spreadsheet. ThreeDify is an innovative mining software company developing leading-edge 3D software solutions for drill hole data visualization, geological modelling, and strategic mine planning including open pit optimization and underground stope optimization. The Company is built on a foundation of subject-matter expertise in the mining industry combined with advanced knowledge of 3D computer graphics, exceptional after services and professional training. ThreeDify’s mission is to empower our clients with the competitive edge for delivering reliable forecasts and maximizing productivity. Complimentary to its powerful geological modelling and highly efficient optimization tools, ThreeDify’s creative Microsoft Excel add-in tools leverage the global capacity of Microsoft Excel to allow clients to visualize their deposits or spreadsheet data in 3D directly within Excel and communicate the results to their prospectors in a most convenient and cost effective way. Read more About ThreeDify .   Testimonials   Rio Tinto ( http://www.riotinto.com ) A leading international mining company embeded ThreeDify OctSolid , a 64-bit Linear Octree Library, in one of their in-house software solutions.   Ben Connor, Exploration Coordinator / G.I.S. Dept. Manager, Riverside Resources Inc.( http://www.rivres.com ) "As a company that evaluates a number of different projects at various stages of exploration, we ( Riverside Resources Inc. ) have been seeking a more affordable approach to being able to accurately make in house assessments on more advanced stage projects with drilling data for possible acquisition. After a few upgrades to the software that incorporated the items that we have requested, we have been able to run accurate in house assessments on a number of advanced stage projects to get a better idea of what potential exists and what is already discovered. GeoModeler is relatively easy to use, and can handle large amounts of data and run effective block model processing techniques to determine realized mineral assets and potential upside. We have been very impressed with the constant evolution of your product and incorporating our needs into your new releases. We have also been very impressed with the level of service and support provided by your support engineer. There has not yet been a situation where we have felt dissatisfied by your product and would definitely recommend to other exploration companies seeking a more affordable alternative to other resource modelling software available on the market."   Sarel Blaauw, CEO,Tacmin Madini ( http://www.tacmin.co.za ) "During the last quarter of 2011, following fifteen years of consulting listed mining companies on multi-commodity open pit mining projects across sub-Saharan Africa, Tacmin Madini's expertise was challenged with a severe workload that with others involved pit optimisations of 16 open pit mining projects. Now withstanding deadlines from a number of clients, the resistance to change from pit optimisers, and familiarisation with new software and the unknowns, I decided to apply ThreeDify’s Flowpit parallel with other optimisers used by the company. In less than one month, I was confident thattogether with Flowpit andthe solid backup and support of the ThreeDify team, we were fully capable of conforming to Tacmin’s daunting requirements, and in less than three months, we were able to: Interface ThreeDify software into all mining software in use by the company. Execute pit optimisations with large block models and multiple variables in the shortest possible time. Have unlimited control over reporting capabilities.   Giulio Morandini, MBA,Commercial planning manager, Gas Power Division, ENI.S.P.A "I have been using ThreeDify Excel Grapher to implement a visual control system for data points outliers, and have been impressed by the software functionality. The 3D surface plot suited my needs perfectly. I also found the technical support to be great. I rarely find somewhere else with such a fast and helpful communication as ThreeDify . I'll be sure to recommend this product whenever I have a chance."   Terry Grapentine,President,Grapentine Company LLC "I have been using ThreeDify Excel Grapher for several months now and have been impressed not only with this software but also the support I’ve received from the company. I have used their product to illustrate relationships among marketing variables to clients. Being able to rotate the diagram gives the image a real 3D-feel and provides my clients an intuitive understanding of the statistical relationships I investigated for them. The few times I’ve had questions with the software, I’ve received quick responses to my emails—and even a phone call once to help me with a particularly sticky issue I was having."   Lei Yu, Ph.D.Professor, Rutgers University "Recently, I started to use ThreeDify Excel Grapher , and am delighted with the outcome. As an add-on to Excel, ThreeDify Excel Grapher is very easy to use, and I really enjoy the software’s ability to allow visualization of my data in 3-D surface plot."   Jim Peterson, Ph.D.,Research Scientist, Research Automation Technologies, Amgen Inc. "Thanks for your help! I am amazed the changes that you made in your fine product. I appreciate the chance to be able to use this to my advantge for my engineering designs and technical presentations. I will certainly be sure to tell everyone else when I get a chance about how great your products are! "Thanks for your help!"   Gianni Vecchini, Responsabile Sviluppo Prodotti, Steel Graphics s.r.l., Verona, IT "I am very satisfied with the quality of the product, and above all else, your excellent technical support. When we use ThreeDify BspSolid in concrete applications... I will be well pleased to also send you real examples of applications."   The department of Archaeology at Seoul National University, Korea Licensed ThreeDify OctSolid to develop a solid modeling and 3D spatial-analysis system for archaeological stratigraphy and remote sensing.   "As a company that evaluates a number of different projects at various stages of exploration, we ( Riverside Resources Inc. ) have been seeking a more affordable approach to being able to accurately make in house assessments on more advanced stage projects with drilling data for possible acquisition. After a few upgrades to the software that incorporated the items that we have requested, we have been able to run accurate in house assessments on a number of advanced stage projects to get a better idea of what potential exists and what is already discovered. GeoModeler is relatively easy to use, and can handle large amounts of data and run effective block model processing techniques to determine realized mineral assets and potential upside. We have been very impressed with the constant evolution of your product and incorporating our needs into your new releases. We have also been very impressed with the level of service and support provided by your support engineer. There has not yet been a situation where we have felt dissatisfied by your product and would definitely recommend to other exploration companies seeking a more affordable alternative to other resource modelling software available on the market." "Durinthe last quarter of 2011, following fifteen years of consulting listed mining companies on multi-commodity open pit mining projects across sub-Saharan Africa, Tacmin Madini's expertise was challenged with a severe workload that with others involved pit optimisations of 16 open pit mining projects. Now withstanding deadlines from a number of clients, the resistance to change from pit optimisers, and familiarisation with new software and the unknowns, I decided to apply ThreeDify’s Flowpit parallel with other optimisers used by the company. In less than one month, I was confident that together with Flowpit and the solid backup and support of the ThreeDify team, we were fully capable of conforming to Tacmin’s daunting requirements, and in less than three months, we were able to: Ben Connor, Exploration Coordinator / G.I.S. Dept. Manager Riverside Resources Inc.   Read More "Durinthe last quarter of 2011, following fifteen years of consulting listed mining companies on multi-commodity open pit mining projects across sub-Saharan Africa, Tacmin Madini's expertise was challenged with a severe workload that with others involved pit optimisations of 16 open pit mining projects. Now withstanding deadlines from a number of clients, the resistance to change from pit optimisers, and familiarisation with new software and the unknowns, I decided to apply ThreeDify’s Flowpit parallel with other optimisers used by the company. In less than one month, I was confident that together with Flowpit and the solid backup and support of the ThreeDify team, we were fully capable of conforming to Tacmin’s daunting requirements, and in less than three months, we were able to: Tacmin Madini 's expertise was challenged with a severe workload that with others involved pit optimisations of 16 open pit mining projects. Now withstanding deadlines from a number of clients, the resistance to change from pit optimisers, and familiarisation with new software and the unknowns, I decided to apply ThreeDify’s Flowpit parallel with other optimisers used by the company. In less than one month, I was confident that together with Flowpit and the solid backup and support of the ThreeDify team, we were fully capable of conforming to Tacmin’s daunting requirements, and in less than three months, we were able to: Interface ThreeDify software into all mining software in use by the company. Execute pit optimisations with large block models and multiple variables in the shortest possible time. Have unlimited control over reporting capabilities. Our clients demand solid reliable results suitable for rolling out the budget forecast and the “what if’’ scenarios offered by most software solution providers do not live up to our expectations. However, ThreeDify software has given us the competitive edge in doing so." Sarel Blaauw CEO, Tacmin Madini www.tacmingroup.com Read More "I have been impressed not only with this software but also the support ...... and I’ve received quick responses to my emails—and even a phone call once to help me." Terry Grapentine, President, Grapentine Company LLC Read More "I have been impressed by the software functionality. The 3D surface plot suited my needs perfectly. I also found the technical support to be great. I rarely find somewhere else with such a fast and helpful communication as ThreeDify." Giulio Morandini, MBA Commercial planning manager Power Division, ENI.S.P.A Read More "Thanks for your help! I appreciate the chance to be able to use this to my advantage for my engineering designs and technical presentations. I will be sure to tell everyone!" Jim Peterson, Ph.D., Research Automation Technologies, Amgen Inc. Read More ThreeDify Press Kit Click picture to download Outstanding!! ThreeDify Designer is rated Outstanding by CNET Editors . ThreeDify Grapher is also rated Outstanding by CNET Editors . Latest News Releases Products and Developer Tools Read More Free Downloads Try ThreeDify Excel Grapher, Designer or 3DOffice for free. Read More ThreeDify Product Screenshots The screenshots below were taken from our products. Please click the picture to see the large image.More screenshots are available on each individual product page. About ThreeDify News Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use Copyright © 2014 ThreeDify Dapoxetine Order Cheap Canada Dapoxetine Buy Cheap 
