 Follow Knox Admission Academics Student Life Athletics News Events About Current Students Faculty Staff Parents Alumni Offices Library Visit Knox Support Knox Academics -- Select a Program -- Africana Studies American Studies Anthropology and Sociology Architecture Art Art History Asian Studies Biochemistry Biology Business and Management Chemistry Chinese Classics College Honors Computer Science Creative Writing Dance Earth Science Economics Education Engineering English Literature Environmental Studies Film Studies Financial Mathematics First-Year Preceptorial Forestry French Gender and Women's Studies German History Integrated International Studies International Relations Japanese Journalism Latin American Studies Law Mathematics Medicine Modern Languages Music Neuroscience Nursing Occupational Therapy Optometry Peace Corps Preparatory Program Philosophy Physics Political Science Psychology Religious Studies Self-Designed Studies Social Service Spanish Sports Studies Theatre Psychology Student Research Faculty Resources and Facilities Internships and Study Abroad Requirements for the Major/Minor Course Descriptions Alumni and Careers Related Links Neuroscience Social Service Psychology Department Home Page Contact Heather Hoffmann Professor and Chair of Psychology 2 East South Street Galesburg, IL 61401-4999 309-341-7267 hhoffman@knox.edu Psychology Human memory, social psychology, clinical and abnormal psychology, child development, human sexuality, neuroscience, and organizational psychology -- these are just a few of the areas you'll have a chance to explore as a psychology major or minor. The Program Understanding the principles of the mind, the brain, and behavior will prepare you for your next step after Knox -- whether youre entering graduate school in psychology or pursuing a career in psychiatry, counseling, business, law, or education. Student Research What can we understand about people from the style of their e-mail messages? Do violent lyrics in heavy metal music increase aggression in males? Research will deepen your learning experience, broaden your perspectives, and prepare you for grad school or your career. Faculty Whether it's co-authoring a publication, participating in a dreaming class campout, or attending a professional conference, your experience as a student means collaborating with faculty both inside and outside the classroom. Resources and Facilities You'll have access to a number of resources -- like our space for biofeedback research and brain activity measurement, fully equipped labs for animal research, and a room where you can observe adults or children through one-way mirrors. Internships and Study Abroad Our students have served the Galesburg school district with their school psychology and social work needs, helped destitute women at a residential home in India, and taken specialized classes in neuroscience at the University of Aberdeen. Youll be able to gain real world experience through internships, Clinical Term, and study abroad opportunities. Requirements for the Major/Minor Youll have freedom to select classes that interest you the most. Check out our course descriptions to see the variety of classes offered. Alumni and Careers Our alumni choose a variety of paths -- from grad school in psychology to careers in family therapy, crisis counseling, law, education, human resources, marketing, and more. By the numbers... Nationally, Knox is in the 93rd percentile in the relative production of psychology doctorate earners among all institution types. ( Baccalaureate-origins of U.S. Research Doctorate Recipients , Higher Education Data Sharing Consortium) When asked about their overall level of satisfaction with our psychology program and major, psychology alumni reported an average rating of 5.46 on a 6-point scale -- with 6 being excellent and 1 being very poor. (Knox Alumni Survey) Apply Now Upcoming Events Follow Knox Admission Apply to Knox Scholarships Cost and Financial Aid Why Knox FAQs Visit Knox Virtual Tour Meet the Admission Staff Knox on the Road Opportunity Knox What Experts Say About Knox Academics Majors Minors Distinctive Programs Student Research Creative Work Study Abroad Off-Campus Programs Internships Faculty Resources for Learning College Catalog Academic Calendar Academic Facilities Life Beyond Knox News Events About Knox Fast Facts We Are Knox Welcome to Galesburg Getting to Knox Student Life Clubs Organizations Tour the Residences Dining Services Offices Services Directories Contact Knox College 2 East South Street Galesburg, Illinois 61401-4999, USA Alumni Friends Employment Emergency Information Sustainability RSS Feeds E-mail This Page Link: Your Name: *Your E-mail Address: Message:   
