 Executives Managers Non-Supervisors Trainers About Contact Newsletter Growing Leaders for the Public Service Home Toolkit Public Leadership Toolkit Find Out: How Leaders Learn to Lead Make: A Leadership Development Plan Cultivate: Self-Awareness Personal Effectiveness Learn To: Delegate Give Feedback Manage Meetings Hire (and Fire) Topics Articles & Books on Public Leadership Read About: Leading in Government Leadership Rules Motivation Followership Innovation Leading Change Crisis Leadership Stories Leadership Stories Read: Success Stories Biographies Novels Watch: Movies with Leadership Insights Learn to: Tell Stories as a Leader Training Leadership Training Find: Executive Development Programs Online Programs Leadership Programs for: U.S. Federal Government Agencies U.S. State Governments Australia, Canada, and the United Kingdom Quotes Leadership Quotes Quotes by: Gen. Bill Creech Ben Franklin Gandhi Abraham Lincoln Nelson Mandela Colin Powell Teddy Roosevelt Quotes About: Definitions of Leadership Developing People Initiative/Self-Empowerment Persistence Public Service Taking Risks All Quotes Blog We want to help you become one. For Free. Commit to becoming the most effective leader you can be by signing The Public Leadership Manifesto . Woodrow Wilson More Quotes "Leadership is all about people. It is not about organizations. It is not about plans. It is not about strategies. It is all about people--motivating people to get the job done. You have to be people-centered." -- Colin Powell More Quotes "Think big about what you can achieve; think small about how to achieve it. That's because you get things done through individuals and small groups of individuals." -- Gen. Bill Creech More Quotes "Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power." -- Abraham Lincoln More Quotes "Man becomes great exactly in the degree in which he works for the welfare of his fellow men." -- Mahatma Gandhi More Quotes Readings High-quality articles and book recommendations on public sector leadership, followership, motivation, innovation, and crisis leadership. Leadership Toolkit Use our template to prepare a personal leadership development plan. Or find other tools to enhance your leadership effectiveness. 
