 Web Tools Search for: Bobcat Mail Pay Tuition Catsweb Maps Library TRACS About Texas State Library Maps Round Rock College of Liberal Arts Overview Chair's Message Department Events Colloquium Series Giving Departmental Assessment Department Facilities Computer Labs Employment Opportunities Directions Contact Us Department Feedback Course Information Registering for Psychology Courses Course Schedules Undergraduate Courses Internship Course Graduate Courses Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Undergraduate Advising Scholarships Student Awards Career Development Summer Research Opportunities Psychology Links Research Facilities Human Subjects Pool PSY 1300 Research Experience Organizations Psych Association Psi Chi Alumni Alumni Profiles Alumni Giving Department Directory Directory Update Request Department Policies and Procedures View Room Schedules Department of Psychology UAC 253 Phone: (512)245-2526  Fax: (512)245-3153 E-Mail: psychology@txstate.edu Help and Site Map Fall 2014 Curriculum Changes Registering and Special Overrides Department Events Liberal Arts Advising Center (Undergraduate) Computer Labs Department Directory Contact the Department Directions to the Department TRACS Bobcatmail Student Self-Service Catsweb Academic Calendar Room Schedules Faculty Annual Review Department Intranet Join the Conversation Share this page Texas State College of Liberal Arts Department of Psychology Welcome to Psychology at Texas State The department currently offers two undergraduate degrees: a bachelor of arts in psychology and a bachelor of science in psychology . At the graduate level, the department offers a master of arts in Psychological Research and a graduate certificate in forensic psychology . The department also offers undergraduate minors in general psychology , forensic psychology , and sport psychology as well as a psychology graduate minor . The department office is located in the Undergraduate Academic Center on the second floor in room 253. Applications for student awards and scholarships are due soon. For details on student awards please click here . For details on student scholarships please click here . The Psychology Curriculum has changed effective Fall 2014. For details please click here . Registration Information Additional registration Information is available here . Expand Collapse Upcoming Department Events   Undergraduate Academic Center, Room 253; Phone: (512) 245-2526; Fax: (512) 245-3153 Texas State University-San Marcos | 601 University Drive, San Marcos, Texas 78666 | 512.245.2111  Texas State University-San Marcos is a member of the Texas State University System  Problems with this page' Email psych-IT@txstate.edu View Mobile Site 
