 Browser does not support script. Browser does not support script. Browser does not support script. Browser does not support script. Browser does not support script. University of Birmingham Search University Alumni Giving Working here News Events Visit Undergraduate Study at Birmingham Course finder Birmingham Foundation Academy Entry requirements English for international students Request a prospectus Fees and funding Accommodation Careers Teaching and learning Student support Why Birmingham? Visit us Teachers, careers advisors and parents Study abroad Undergraduate open days Undergraduate Prospectus Postgraduate Postgraduate taught study Postgraduate research study Find a postgraduate course Postgraduate taught entry requirements Postgraduate research entry requirements English for International Students Request a prospectus Postgraduate taught fees and funding Postgraduate research fees and funding Postgraduate funding database Accommodation Careers Teaching and learning Student support Why Birmingham? Visit us Postgraduate Open Days Postgraduate Prospectus Research Research Our research Our impact Research Facilities Supporting research Partners and collaborators The Institute of Advanced Studies Funding and awards Birmingham Heroes Research opportunities Birmingham heroes Institute of Advanced Studies International International International students Study Abroad Birmingham Foundation Academy Birmingham International Summer School English for International Students Unit Strategic global engagement Our global impact International partnerships International visitors News Meet us in your country Contact us International Prospectus Key territories Business Business Services to business Recruiting our students to work for you International collaborations Conferences and events STEM centre - Birmingham and Solihull Recruiting our students to work for you Tailored for business Home Schools and Departments School of Government and Society Departments International Development Department School of Government and Society About us Departments International Development Department About us 50th anniversary GSDRC: policy-oriented research Degrees and courses Students Research Consultancy Alumni News Events Staff IDD Associates Institute of Local Government Studies Department of Political Science and International Studies Centre for Russian and East European Studies Degrees and courses Study here International Research Facilities Alumni News Events Staff Contact individual fieldwork Masters degrees Our range of taught on-campus Masters degrees offers highly flexible programmes with a wide choice of specialisms. Masters degrees with fieldwork MSc by distance learning Study from anywhere in the world with practitioners in government, civil society and the private sector as well as with people new to development. Masters by distance learning Doctoral research Our range of taught on-campus Masters degrees offers highly flexible programmes with a wide choice of specialisms. Doctoral research Research GSDRC: policy-oriented research IDD Launch New Module on Disability Description IDD launches new PG module in 'Disability and Development' on campus and via distance learning. Date: Friday 21st February 2014 IRiS Podcast: Struggles against subjection: the consequences of the criminalization of migration on migrants everyday lives Description Speaker: Dr Agnieszka Kubal (University of Oxford). Migration, Citizenship and Diversity: Questioning the Boundaries Seminar Series. Date: Thursday 13th February 2014 IDD Guest seminar podcast: Development Strategies and Theories - A Perspective from Tanzania Description Speaker: Dr Andrew Coulson, Institute of Local Government Studies, University of Birmingham. Date: Wednesday 12th February 2014 IDD Recruiting Research Fellow Description Applications are invited for the position of Research Fellow with the International Development Department to work on a two year Leverhulme Trust research project, 'Networking for fisheries co-management on Lake Victoria, East Africa', working alongside Dr Fiona Nunan. Date: Friday 31st January 2014 The risks of African military capacity building: Lessons from Rwanda Date Thursday 27th February 2014 Description Speaker: Dr Danielle Beswick (IDD, University of Birmingham). Non-State Statebuilding: Three Dilemmas Date Thursday 6th March 2014 Description Speaker: Dr Sukaynya Podder, Department of Management and Security, Cranfield University. Tweets by @iddbirmingham Browser does not support script. Essential Courses Order a prospectus Vacancies Schools and departments Contact us Maps and directions Open days News Events Publication scheme Current students my.bham student portal Current student intranet Schools and departments Guild of Students UB Sport Equality and Diversity Current staff Staff intranet Schools and departments Vacancies my.bham staff portal Equality and Diversity Services and facilities Libraries Facilities search Conferences and hospitality Businesses Freedom of information Supplier zone UB Sport Online shop Culture and collections Our collections Barber Institute of Fine Arts Bramall Music Building Cadbury Research Library: Special Collections Lapworth Museum of Geology Research and Cultural Collections Winterbourne House and Garden Privacy Legal Cookies and cookie policy Accessibility Site map Website feedback Charitable information Powered by Contensis Browser does not support script. 
