 Browser does not support script. Browser does not support script. Browser does not support script. Browser does not support script. Browser does not support script. | Staff Students Search About us Welcome Our campus Our history Press Office Governance Online store Facts figures Job vacancies Events Term dates Choir of Royal Holloway Contact us Study here Undergraduate Postgraduate Research degrees Scholarships Accommodation Open days Welcome Week Prospectus Guide for parents Schools colleges Passport Award Discover Arts Discover Science Lifelong learning Careers Departments Biological Sciences Classics Comparative Literature Culture Computer Science Criminology Sociology Drama Theatre Earth Sciences Economics English European Studies Geography History Information Security Management Mathematics Media Arts Modern Languages, Literatures Cultures Music Philosophy Physics Politics International Relations Psychology Social Work Student life Accommodation Campus facilities Social life Student media Students' Union Sports activities Support, health welfare Jobs while you study Sustainability Videos International Why Royal Holloway? Applying English language university preparation Study abroad exchanges Your country Fees scholarships After applying Support for international students Information for partners News Virtual Open Day Contact us Research News Current research Current research students Research opportunities Research support Funding opportunities Departments Groups REF2014 Pure support Events Commercialisation seed funds Women in research Research themes For business Conferences hospitality Consultancy Enterprise centre / incubation Licensing / commercialisation Research business Interns / graduate recruitment CPD Alumni News publications The Curiosity Project Giving to the College Events reunions Our alumni Getting involved The Bedford Society Benefits services Staying in touch Contact us Home PIR home | | | | Find your PIR course Undergraduate brochure | Postgraduate brochure | News | Royal Holloway climbs to 9th place in list of world-leading think tanks Description A new survey reveals the ICT4D Centre at Royal Holloway University continues to be a world-leading science and technology think tank and has improved on its 10th place position in last year's index. Date: 07/02/2014 Events Politics and International Relations Weekly Seminar Series Date 27/09/2011 - 30/09/2014 Description The Department of Politics and International Relations' weekly research seminars, featuring visiting speakers and our own researchers. Tweets by @rhulpir Browser does not support script. | | | | Research centrenews | Welcome to Thierry Giasson - visiting scholar at the NPCU Seminar tomorrow: ‘Witnessing political upheaval: media, protest and the Arab spring’ - Tim Markham New book published: European Multiplicity New book published: The Transnational Governance of Violence and Crime. Non-State Actors in Security AIDS Drugs for All - Joshua Busby talk: Weds 29 January PIR home PIR home About us Prospective students Your future career Research Information for current students Staff directory News Events Contact details Royal Holloway, University of London Contact Location maps Media enquiries Vacancies Careers Service IT Services Library Social media CampusAnywhere Cookies Site map Terms conditions Browser does not support script. Browser does not support script. Comment on this page Name(required) Email(required) Url (optional) Comments(required) Close | Browser does not support script. 
