 Home Contact Us Leadership Executive Committee Toolkit Executive Committee Past Presidents Site Search About Us AAAL Activities AAALetter Executive Committee Standing Committees Past Presidents Bylaws Meeting Minutes Resolutions Fund for the Future of Applied Linguistics Contact Us Conference 2014 Conference Conference History and Future Dates Graduate Student Awards Membership Benefits and Dues Become an AAAL Member Renew AAAL Membership AAALetter Member Discounts Members Only Strategic Planning Data Members Only Journal Access Graduate Students Graduate Student Committee Grads @ Annual Conference Grad Student Awards Resources Discussion Forums Resources Members Only Journal Access Distinguished Scholarship & Service Award Graduate Student Awards Graduate Student Resources Institutional Members & Graduate Programs Upcoming Conferences/ Calls for Proposal Career Center Institutional Members & Graduate Programs Job Bank Welcome to AAAL 2014 Conference Searchable Conference Schedule is now available. Click here to view the 2014 program highlights. From the 2014 AAAL Conference Team Registration Now Open Questions on logging in?Contact info@aaal.org . Donate to the Fund for the Future of Applied Linguistics (FFAL) Help us reach our goal of $60,000! Please click here for more information. Please click here to make your donation to the FFAL. Members Only Resources AAAL Click here to access the AppliedLinguistics Journal, ARAL, and ELT Journal online. Not a member yet? Click here to join. Our Mission The American Association for Applied Linguistics (AAAL) is a professional society of over 1200 scholars from the U.S., Canada, and 40 other countries worldwide. Members use a wide variety of theoretical frameworks and methodological approaches to address a broad range of language-related issues that affect individuals and society. The mission of AAAL is to facilitate the advancement and dissemination of knowledge and understanding regarding these language-related issues in order to improve the lives of individuals and conditions in society. To accomplish this mission, AAAL creates opportunities for scholarly communication and professional networking by hosting meetings and sponsoring publications; raises public awareness of language-related issues by encouraging the dissemination of theoretical and research-informed insights to wider society; and promotes the status of applied linguistics in the academy and in society by providing leadership and resources for professional development. AAALs primary activity is a four-day annual conference, which typically takes place in March. Welcoming scholars from around the globe, the conference has a reputation as a comprehensive and stimulating professional event that offers thought-provoking plenary presentations, in-depth colloquia and paper sessions, excellent book exhibits, and plentiful opportunities for networking with applied linguists from North America and countries around the world. Organizationally, AAAL is the United States affiliate of the International Association of Applied Linguistics (Association Internationale de Linguistique Applique, AILA). Applied Linguistics itself is an interdisciplinary field of inquiry that addresses a broad range of language-related issues in order to improve the lives of individuals and conditions in society. It draws on a wide range of theoretical, methodological, and educational approaches from various disciplinesfrom the humanities to the social, cognitive, medical, and natural sciencesas it develops its own knowledge-base about language, its users and uses, and their underlying social and material conditions. Thank you for visiting the website. Member Login Member Login AAAL Business Office info@aaal.org Site Map Powered by Affiniscape - Web Content and Association Membership Management 
