 Skip to Main Content Skip to Navigation (accesskey n) Home Academic Programs Admissions Application Tuition & Fees Online Payments About Chairman's Message Contact External Links Blog Performance Fact Sheet Catalogue Online Campus Videos How to Log Into Campus Cruiser Evaluation Site Bureau of Private Postsecondary Education Loading Admission Process Application Payment About Us Ryokan College, An Education Leader Founded in 1978, Ryokan College is a private, nonprofit, coeducational institution of higher learning that offers Bachelor of Arts in Human Behavior, Master of Arts in Psychology or Counseling Psychology (for MFT licensure) and Doctor of Psychology in Clinical Psychology or in Marriage and Family Therapy (Psy.D.). Continuing Education Units (CEU) are also available. 日本語の方はこちらへ！ info@americakango.com Our Blog Find out whats happening inside Ryokan and our current events. Click on the link below to find out more about the current happenings. Take me there... Unique Education Approach Education for a special niche of students, offering affordable tuition, class schedules for working adults, and definite beginning and end dates. Take me there... Contact Us Have any questions regarding the academic courses or fee structure? Talk with us. Take me there... I chose Ryokan because it was convenient, flexible and affordable. I still work, have a family, take care of my aged mom, own a home, etc. The online classes work best for my busy lifestyle. Without their flexibility, I would not pursue this. Bob Kennedy, MS, MFT (current doctoral student) I had attended two California State Universities and received a Master’s Degree from each before attending Ryokan College to acquire my doctorate in Clinical psychology. My second Master’s Degree was from California State University at Dominguez Hills—the program was completely online and there was virtually no difference in the quality of education I received from an accredited California state university and Ryokan college. Dr. Jann Blackstone-Ford My experience at Ryokan from the initial interview through graduation was one of encouragement, motivation and compassion. I have referred others to Ryokan without hesitation knowing first hand that the school is always a part of my mind and I will always be grateful to Ryokan for giving me that chance. Honey Pietruszka, Psy. D. PSY Sitelinks Admission Academic Programs Tuition Fees Application Social Media Facebook Twitter Blog Address: admin@ryokan.edu We are located here 
