 Language Log Home About Comments policy A variable, transcriptional Chinese character Victor Mair under Pronunciation , Topolects , Transcription , Writing systems Gloria Bien sent in the following photograph and asked what to make of the Chinese text in it, especially the unusual character 叻, which is pronounced lè in Modern Standard Mandarin (MSM; but see below for the Cantonese pronunciation and meaning). Wenlin says it's part of a name for Singapore, but not used alone, as it is in this picture. Google says Overseas Chinese use it for Singapore. But, as Gloria observes, "I'm the most Singapore" doesn't make sense. This is from a package of noodles from Emeryville, CA, and says "Product of China," but complex characters are used throughout. Read the rest of this entry Permalink Comments (8) Sale of chicken murder Victor Mair under Lost in translation This fine instance of Saudinglish is found, together with other prime examples, in the following article: " Vous avez aimé le 'chinglish', vous allez adorer le 'saudinglish'! " Read the rest of this entry Permalink Comments (17) A weekend is not a surface Mark Liberman under Metaphors , Variation Last night at dinner, several Americans and a Canadian got into a discussion with an Irishman and an Australian about weekends. Since all of the participants were linguists, the discussion centered on prepositions: Were we having dinner  on a weekend in February  or at a weekend in February ?  The North Americans voted for "on", a choice that the Irishman found preposterous. "A weekend," he observed, "is not a surface." Read the rest of this entry Permalink Comments (77) Really Really lost in translation Mark Liberman under Lost in translation , WTF Ray Girvan (" Ibong Adarna: Google Mistranslate ", 2/17/2014) documents one of the more bizarre machine-translation oddities in recent years: Ibong Adarna is the title of a massively popular epic fantasy in the mythology and culture of the Philippines; it originally went under the snappy title of Corrido ng Pinagdaanang Buhay nang Tatlong Principeng, Magcacapatid na Anac nang haring Fernando at nang Reina Valeriana sa Caharian ng Berbania (" Corrido of the Traveled/Travailed Life of Three Princes, Sibling Children of King Fernando and Queen Valeriana of the Kingdom of Berbania"). Despite the Spanish names, it evidently pre-dates the Spanish Era in the Philippines. You should read Ray's post for more background on the history, form, and significance of this work, whose title means "The Adarna Bird".  Because somehow mischance? malice? Google Translate came up with this: Read the rest of this entry Really Comments (9) Literate programming and reproducible research Mark Liberman under Books From the Scientific and Technical Achievements section of last week's Academy Awards : To Matt Pharr, Greg Humphreys and Pat Hanrahan for their formalization and reference implementation of the concepts behind physically based rendering, as shared in their book Physically Based Rendering .  Physically based rendering has transformed computer graphics lighting by more accurately simulating materials and lights, allowing digital artists to focus on cinematography rather than the intricacies of rendering. First published in 2004, Physically Based Rendering is both a textbook and a complete source-code implementation that has provided a widely adopted practical roadmap for most physically based shading and lighting systems used in film production. I believe that this is the first time that an Academy Award has been given to a book. And this (ten-year-old) book was written in a way that deserves to be better known and more widely imitated. Read the rest of this entry Permalink Comments (34) More Metadata Muddles on Google Books Geoff Nunberg under Classification , Humor Mark's discovery of a mistitled Google Books entry—a book on experimental theater filed as a 2009 book on management—is entertaining but not that unusual. Like the other metadata mixups at Google books (involving authorship, genre classification and publication date, among other things) that I enumerated in a 2009 post "Google Books: A Metadata Train Wreck," there are probably thousands of cases in which the metadata for one book is associated with an entirely different work. Or at least that's what induction suggests; Paul Duguid and I have happened on quite a number of these, some as inadvertantly comical as Mark's example. Clicking on the entry for a book called Tudor Historical Thought turns up the text of a book on tattoo culture, the entry for an 1832 work on the question of whether the clergy of the Church of England can receive tithes turns up a work by Trotzky, the entry for Last Year at Marienbad turns up the text of Sam Pickering's Letters to a Teacher , and so on (see more examples below the fold). What's particularly interesting about Mark's example, though, is that the work is similarly misidentified on Amazon and Abe Books, which indicates that for many modern titles, at least, the error is likely due not to "some (perhaps algorithmic) drudge on the Google assembly line," as Mark suggests, but to one of the third-party offshore cataloguers on which Google and others rely for their metadata. Read the rest of this entry Permalink Comments (8) Charles J. Fillmore Paul Kay under Obituaries Charles J. (Chuck) Fillmore died last week . Lily Wong Fillmore asked me to prepare some brief remarks for the press. Here they are. Read the rest of this entry Permalink Comments TPP Mark Liberman under Awesomeness Today's xkcd : Mouseover title: "I sympathize with the TPP protagonist because I, too, have progressed through a surprising number of stages of life despite spending entire days stuck against simple obstacles." Read the rest of this entry Permalink Comments (13) Here Now Here Now Mark Liberman under Variation Yesterday, Bert Vaux got some well-deserved kudos on the NPR radio program Here Now, as" The Man Behind The Dialect Quiz ": With just 11 days before the end of 2013, The New York Times posted a dialect quiz on its website that drew in millions of readers, making it the site’s most popular page for the year. The quiz is designed to pinpoint the quiz-taker’s exact region, based on the words he or she uses. The graphics intern who created the mapping algorithm, Josh Katz, was hired for a full-time position and Bert Vaux , the linguist who created the data for the test, began to see an uptick in the activity on his website. Vaux, a linguistics professor at Cambridge University in England, says when he started teaching at Harvard University in the early 1990s, he noticed a gradual change in the way his students spoke. He says that for the first couple of weeks, students displayed accents and used words that originated in certain parts of the country, but within several weeks’ time they had all adopted a standard form of American English that made it hard to identify what region they were from. So Vaux created a dialect survey that he distributed to his students where they would identify words they used in their native regions. He joins Here Now ’s Robin Young to discuss his research.   Read the rest of this entry Here Now Comments (11) Rates of exchange Mark Liberman under Computational linguistics Matthew Kehrt writes: In the continuing saga of " Austria == Ireland " (see also " Made in USA == Made in Austria|France|Italy "), apparently rubles are Australian dollars : Read the rest of this entry Permalink Comments (18) 58 Facebook genders Mark Liberman under Language and gender Facebook Diversity 2/13/2014: When you come to Facebook to connect with the people, causes, and organizations you care about, we want you to feel comfortable being your true, authentic self. An important part of this is the expression of gender, especially when it extends beyond the definitions of just “male” or female.” So today, we’re proud to offer a new custom gender option to help you better express your own identity on Facebook.   We collaborated with our Network of Support, a group of leading LGBT advocacy organizations, to offer an extensive list of gender identities that many people use to describe themselves. Moreover, people who select a custom gender will now have the ability to choose the pronoun they’d like to be referred to publicly — male (he/his), female (she/her) or neutral (they/their).   We also have added the ability for people to control the audience with whom they want to share their custom gender. We recognize that some people face challenges sharing their true gender identity with others, and this setting gives people the ability to express themselves in an authentic way. Read the rest of this entry Permalink Comments (53) Another way to misunderstand headlines Mark Liberman under Crash blossoms MedPage Today is an excellent source for medical news but recently their email service has started juxtaposing headline-fragments in a way that takes me aback: Read the rest of this entry Permalink Comments (7) How to learn Chinese and Japanese Victor Mair under Grammar , Language and education , Pedagogy , Pronunciation , Syntax , Writing Some years ago (in 2008, as a matter of fact), I wrote a post entitled " How to learn to read Chinese ".  The current post is intended as a followup and supplement to that post. Read the rest of this entry Permalink Comments (45) Lunatics, Lovers, and Metadata Mark Liberman under Humor Some (perhaps algorithmic) drudge on the Google Books assembly line has a (perhaps accidental) sense of humor. Tracking down a surprising apparent antedating of a piece of managerial jargon, I found this : Read the rest of this entry Permalink Comments (5) 31% more meaningless: Because algorithms Mark Liberman under Language and culture In " Whom loves ya? ", 2/12/2014, Geoff Pullum riffed on one of the outcomes of  "a large-scale statistical study of what correlates with numbers of responses to online dating ads", namely that "men who use 'whom' get 31% more contacts from opposite-sex respondents". It suited Geoff's rhetorical purposes to take this number at face value, but I wondered about where it really comes from, and what if anything it means. Read the rest of this entry Permalink Comments (15) Previous Entries Next Page Follow us on Twitter Archives [+/–] February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 [Posts before 4/8/2008 are here ] ] List of authors: Arnold Zwicky Barbara Partee Ben Zimmer Bill Poser Chris Potts David Beaver Eric Baković Geoff Nunberg Geoffrey K. Pullum Heidi Harley John McWhorter John Rickford Julie Sedivy Kai von Fintel Mark Liberman Melvyn Quince Paul Kay Philip Resnik Roger Shuy Sally Thomason Steven Bird Suzanne Kemmer Victor Mair Other authors [+/–] Adam Albright Dan Jurafsky Lila Gleitman Norma Mendoza-Denton Philip Resnik Blogroll [+/–] A Linguist Goes to Law School A Roguish Chrestomathy A Walk in the WoRds A Way With Words Abecedaria Alexs phonetic thoughts All Things Linguistic Anggarrgoon Archival Sounds (British Library) Arrant Pedantry Babels Dawn (Edmund Blair Bolles) Bad Language BadLinguistics (Pauline Foster) Blogamundo Bradshaw of the Future Bremer sprachblog Building Rapport Bulbulovo Childs Play clinicallinguistics Coby Lubliners Blog Cognition And Language Lab Colorless Green Ideas Conjugate Visits DCblog (David Crystal) Degelka af soomaaliga Descriptively Adequate dialect blog Dictionary Evangelist Dictionary Society of North America Double-Tongued Dictionary Ed Absurdum Eggcorn Database English, Jack Epea Pteroenta Eternally Stressed Semanticist Everything You Know About English Is Wrong Evolving English Far Outliers Found in Translation Freemorpheme Fritinancy Fully (sic) Good Reason Gordon P. Hemsley Greater Blogazonia Hanzi Smatter 一知半解 HeadsUp: The Blog Idibon Isabella Massardo Copy Translation Jabal al-Lughat John Wellss Phonetic Blog Johnson JoshMillard.com Keywords Langguj Gel Language Evolution Language Geek Language Hat Language Is The Peoples Language Trainers Blog LAWnLinguistics LGSA Fledgelings Lingformant Linguaphiles Linguism Linguistics Anonymous Linguistrix Literal-Minded Living Languages Logomacy Logophilius Making Noise and Hearing Things Matjjin-nehen Metrolingua Michael Erard Motivated Grammar Mr. Verb Naked Translations Natural Language Processing Blog No-sword Noncompositional Office Natural Language Team Blog Omniglot The Blog Oxford Etymologist Ozarques Journal Paleoglot Paperpools Peter Harvey, Linguist phonoloblog Pinyin News Podictionary Polyglot Conspiracy Polyglot Vegetarian Polysyllabic (Karl Hagen) Popular Linguistics Proper Words in Proper Places Replicated Typo Ryans linguistics blog Sauvage Noble Schnaufblog Sentence First Separated by a Common Language Sesquiotica (James Harbeck) SLA Blog Stæfcræft Vyākaraṇa Superlinguo Talk Wordy to Me Talking Brains Technologies du Langage Tenser, said the Tensor ThatWhichMatter The Babbel Blog The Diacritics The Engine Room The Greenbelt The Ideophone The Language Guy The Lexicographers Rules The Lousy Linguist The Stone and the Shell The Virtual Linguist The Visual Linguist The Web of Language The Zero Morpheme Throw Grammar From the Train Transblawg Transient Languages Cultures Translate This! Val Systems Vocalized/Vocalised (Lauren Hall-Lew) Web-Translations Wishydig Word Journal Word Porn Word Routes Wordlustitude Wordnik blog Words Are Delicious Words from Sweden Words to the Wise You Dont Say Categories [+/–] Administration Alphabets Animal behavior Animal communication Announcements Awesomeness Biology of language Books Borrowing Changing times Classification Computational linguistics Conlanging Crash blossoms Dialects Dictionaries Diglossia and digraphia Eggcorns Endangered languages Errors Esthetics Ethics Etymology Evolution of language Fieldwork Forgeries Found in translation Gift ideas Grammar HLT Humor Ideography Idioms Ignorance of linguistics Information technology Language acquisition Language and advertising Language and art Language and biology Language and computers Language and culture Language and education Language and food Language and gender Language and literature Language and medicine Language and music Language and politics Language and sports Language and technology Language and the law Language and the media Language and tourism Language attitudes Language change Language contact Language disorders Language exotification Language in the movies Language of science Language on the internets Language play Language teaching and learning Languages Linguistic history Linguistics in the comics Linguistics in the news Links Literacy Logic Lost in translation Manuscripts Metaphors Morphology Inflection Multilingualism Names Neologisms Nerdview Nonverbal communication Numbers Obituaries Open Access Orality Orthography Parsing Pedagogy Peeving People Philosophy of Language Phonetics and phonology Politics of language Pragmatics Prescriptivist poppycock Pronunciation Prosody Psychology of language Punctuation Puns Quizzes Reading Recitation Research tools Resources Rhetoric Semantics Sign language Silliness Slogans Snowclones Sociolinguistics Speech technology Speech-acts Spelling Style and register Subtitles Syntax adjectives agreement ambiguity coordination negation passives prepositions relative clauses singular Taboo vocabulary The academic scene The language of science This blogging life Tones Topolects Transcription Translatese translation Typography Uncategorized Usage advice Variation Vernacular Words words words Writing Writing systems WTF Meta Log in RSS 2.0 Atom WordPress Powered By WordPress 
