 Directories A-Z Index College of Letters Science Department of Psychology Information For Future Students Undergraduate Curriculum in Psychology Program Overview 2008-2010 Catalog Requirements B.S. in Psychology Psychology Minor (Non-Teaching) Courses Offered Scholarships Financial Aid Undergraduate Admissions Information for Transfer Students Graduate Program Overview Surrounding Area Application Process Financial Support Requirements Coursework Research Expectation Documents & Forms Graduate Student Handbook Choosing an Advisor Form Academic Goals Form MSU Online Catalog Division of Graduate Education Contact the Graduate Program Coordinator Peer Advising (new!) Current Students Undergraduate Curriculum in Psychology Program Overview 2008-2010 Catalog Requirements B.S. in Psychology Psychology Minor (Non-Teaching) Courses Offered Scholarships Financial Aid Graduate Program Overview Surrounding Area Financial Support Requirements Coursework Research Expectation Graduate Students Current Students Graduate Program Alumni Graduate Program Photo Album Seminar Schedule Documents & Forms Graduate Student Handbook Choosing an Advisor Form Academic Goals Form MSU Online Catalog Division of Graduate Education Contact the Graduate Program Coordinator Friends and Alumni Contribute to MSU Psychology About the Department People Faculty Adjunct Instructors & Affiliates Staff News Faculty News Current Student News Alumni Student News Seminars Seminar Schedule 2007-2010 Guest Speakers Grants & Publications Current Faculty Research Grants Journal Articles (Recent Examples) Books (Recent Examples) Book Chapters (Recent Examples) Research Labs Attention & Memory Lab Development of Mind & Emotions Lab Existential Processes Lab Memory & Aging Lab Motivation & Diversity Lab Neurobiology Lab Persuasian & Affect Lab Time & Memory Lab Weight Management Lab Visiting Sabbatical Information Faculty Genealogy Degrees Offered B.S. in Psychology Psychology Minor (Non-Teaching) M.S. in Psychology (Psychological Science) Links Experiment Participation Psi Chi Area Photos Yates Research Award Departmental Flyers Undergraduate Program Graduate Program Department of Psychology Montana State University Tel: (406) 994-3801 Department Chair Dr. Colleen Moore colleen.moore1@montana.edu Dept Administrative Associate Brenda Lewis psydept@montana.edu Welcome to the Department of Psychology at Montana State University! Vision Statement The Department of Psychology will provide a collaborative environment for innovation and scientific discovery in psychological science and for attainment of psychological literacy. Mission Statement The Department of Psychology strives: To support students and faculty in the exploration, discovery, and dissemination of new knowledge in psychological science. To provide a collaborative environment for faculty and students that fosters intellectual curiosity and in which research and teaching are closely integrated and highly valued. To graduate students who evidence psychological literacy and thereby prepare students for advanced study in psychology or related fields and for employment. Psychological literacy includes having a critical understanding of psychological concepts, theories and methods; applying psychological principles and methods to solving personal, interpersonal or social problems; understanding and fostering respect for diversity; and acting ethically. To serve the people and communities of Montana by sharing our psychological expertise and collaborating with others. To achieve this mission, we offer a Bachelor of Science (B.S.) degree and a two-year Master of Science (M.S.) degree in Psychological Science. Our undergraduate curriculum introduces students to core areas in psychology and emphasizes scientific theory, terminology, research methodology, and discovery and findings in psychological science. Through upper-division coursework and hands-on learning opportunities in research laboratories and field practicum experiences undergraduate students acquire psychological literacy. Our graduate curriculum focuses especially on advanced research training and offers graduate coursework, thesis credits, research colloquia, and individualized mentoring and prepares students for admission into a doctoral program or employment. Please contact us if you would like any additional information about our programs. Montana State University Accessibility Admissions Administration Contact List Jobs Legal Trademarks Privacy Policy Site Index 
