 Personal tools Web Editor Log in Search Site Skip to content. Skip to navigation Sections University Home University A-Z Maps and Directions Quick Links University A-Z Search Site Maps & Directions Study With Us Library Blackboard Follow the University on Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Linkedin Follow us on Google+ Follow us on SoundCloud Menu Home Academic Departments Politics and International Relations Info Welcome to the Department of Politics and International Relations at the University of Leicester. We have a long history of providing excellent research led teaching to our students, and we aim to fire your intellectual curiosity about the politics of the world in which we live. Our lecturers have produced internationally renowned, cutting edge research, and look forward to sharing their knowledge and experience to help prepare you for a rewarding career. Share this page: Navigation Undergraduate Courses Postgraduate Study Distance Learning Study Research People News and Events For Current Students   Department of Politics and International Relations University of Leicester University Road Leicester LE1 7RH United Kingdom Tel: +44 (0)116 252 2702 Fax : +44 (0)116 252 5082 Email: politics@le.ac.uk 3 x Distance Learning PhD Scholarships available for September 2014 entry. Emeritus Professor of International Politics, Geoff Berridge, has just published his biography of E. C. Grenville-Murray. Read it here for free. Read James Hamill's two-part assessment on "Nelson Mandela: Appraising a Legend". News and Events News and Events - More Visit the IT4Students website for  help about using email, Blackboard, wi-fi, and other facilities. Share this page: Follow the University on Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Flickr Follow us on Linkedin Follow us on Google+ Follow us on SoundCloud Staff Current Students Library Blackboard Remote Access Contact the University Legal Privacy & Cookies Accessibility Help Back to top Current Students Staff Remote Access Contact the University Legal Privacy & Cookies Accessibility Help Search Site 
