 Krav Maga Australia + Oceania About Krav Maga What is Krav Maga? Founder of Krav Maga Become a Krav Maga Instructor Krav Maga Training Programs KravShop Krav Maga News FAQs Useful Links Upcoming Events Krav Maga Organizations KMG KMAlliance IKMF Tactical Krav Maga IKMA FCKM KMWW Krav Maga Federation Locate a Krav Maga training facility or event: Find Schools Events Near (city, country) Search Premium Wordpress Themes Introduction Photo Courtesy of John Whitman of Krav Maga Alliance Our world has grown desensitized to violence. We enjoy seeing the latest violent action movie or buying the next shootem up video game. Some of us buy our children fake guns and swords and say “Have fun!”, after all, violence isn’t real, it’s a game, it’s make believe. It is never actually going to happen to us. We are impervious… I wont be part of the one-third of women who are raped every year… it wont be my movie theatre, office building or tourist attraction that gets attacked… it won’t be my children’s school that the gunman chooses to massacre. Violence is real! It is not something that we only see on television or in the movies. It is not something that we just hear about happening across town, or happening somewhere across the globe. Hopefully violence will never be fall us; unfortunately we live in an imperfect and unpredictable world, and we must be prepared. The moment we start taking violence seriously, is the first step we take in defending ourselves and our families. Welcome to Krav Maga Australia, New Zealand and Oceania support site - Learning Krav Maga is one of the best ways any person, regardless of age, gender, or physicality can learn to defend themselves. It will teach you practical self defense techniques against weapons, holds, grabs, and how to deal with multiple attackers whether you are standing or on the ground. Krav Maga will teach you what military units and law enforcement officers from around the world are using to help save their lives on the street and on the battlefield. So have you decided to take the first step in learning how to defend yourself and your loved ones? Eyal Yanilov Ultimate Krav Maga dvds with Alan Predolin If so, you will feel right at home with the other 70% of our users , who are new students searching for a local training facility through our state-of-the-art search platform, which allows you to search for Krav Maga schools by name, event, or geographical location. Every year 45,000 visitors choose Krav Maga Australia to locate their training location. No other site in the region offers a more comprehensive list of superior training facilities, all which are quality controlled by the best Krav Maga Organizations (Global Krav Maga, Krav Maga Alliance, Krav Maga Worldwide, International Krav Maga Federation, Tactical Krav Maga) and taught by world renowned Krav Maga Instructors. Check out our full list of FAQ to help answer any of your questions; check back frequently, stay informed on the latest news, events and buzz. Are you an Instructor? click here to get your school listed! School Listings Default Default Highest Rating Most Ratings Alphabetical Newest Recently Reviewed Random Featured Krav Maga Self Defence Solutions Gold Coast Listed in Advance Classes , Beginner/Intermediate Classes , Corporate/Special Event bookings , Kids Krav Maga , Law Enforcement Training Classes , Private Lessons , Women Classes 0400 DEFEND (0400 333 363) Sports Drive, Gold Coast, QLD, 4216, Australia Description: Read more... Featured Krav Maga Melbourne Listed in Advance Classes , Beginner/Intermediate Classes , Corporate/Special Event bookings , Kids Krav Maga , Law Enforcement Training Classes , Private Lessons , Women Classes 1300 858 265 105 Hawthorn Rd, Caulfield, Melbourne, VIC, 3161, Australia Description: Read more... Featured Valley Krav Maga Listed in Advance Classes , Beginner/Intermediate Classes , Corporate/Special Event bookings , Kids Krav Maga , Private Lessons Church Street, Fortitude Valley, Qld, 4006, Australia Description: Read more... Featured Krav Maga Self Defence Solutions Brisbane City Listed in Advance Classes , Beginner/Intermediate Classes , Corporate/Special Event bookings , Private Lessons , Women Classes 0400 DEFEND/0400333363 117 Mina Parade, Newmarket, QLD, 4056, Australia Description: Read more... Events January 2014 August September October November December January February March April May June July February August September October November December January February March April May June July 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2014 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 March 2014 Default Default Event Date Popular Most Comments Alphabetical Newest Recently Discussed Random Featured 30 MAR. TACTICAL DRIVING WORKSHOP Categories: Gun Defense Seminars , Instructor Certification Courses , Knife Defense Seminars , Special Guest Seminars , Third Party Protection , Women Only Seminars March 30, 2014 0400 DEFEND/0400333363 Mt Cotton, Brisbane Description: Read more... Add a School now Add an Event now Supporters Other Options Contact us Why should I get listed? Login Register Popular Categories Beginner/Intermediate Classes Private Lessons Advance Classes Corporate/Special Event bookings Kids Krav Maga Women Classes Law Enforcement Training Classes About us Krav Maga Australia + Oceania has been developed to bring the world of Krav Maga together by allowing you to search for quality controlled Krav Maga training schools and events from a variety of organizations within Australia, New Zealand and Oceania region. You will also find important information about the Krav Maga self defense system, the founder of Krav Maga Imi Lichtenfeld, useful links to other Krav Maga related sites. Advertisement Recent Listings Reality Self Defence and Conditioning Valley Krav Maga Krav Maga Melbourne Krav Maga South Coast Krav Maga Self Defence Solutions Robina Krav Maga Queensland Adults and Kids Classes Logan Krav Maga Perth Subiaco Krav Maga Self Defence Solutions Brisbane City Krav Maga Queensland Krav Maga Self Defence Solutions Gold Coast Connect with us! Website Spurked by Spurky Designs - website development and marketing consulting Kravshop, Inc Skip to toolbar Login Username Password Remember Me Lost Password? Register 
