 Skip to content Jump to main navigation and login Nav view search Navigation Search Search... You are here: Home Details Save the date; November 16, 2014, for the USA Karate Federation Championships and the Sports Jujitsu Alliance Championships! Other Important Dates; -International Training Symposium February 14-16 in Richfield, Ohio Paulo-Brasil (May 30-June 1) Country: Poland City: Szczecin Details March 22 23,2014, Franklin, Ohio. This event will qualify you to compete at the USA-NKF National Championships and the Team Trials selection July 8 13 in Reno, NV Saturday Mar 22, 2014 USA-NKF Rules Class Kumite and Kata Sunday Mar 23, 2014 USA-NKF Qualifying Competition For more information; www.rittermartialarts.com Details I am pleased to announce that on November 30th we held the First GKK Karate Tournament in Argentina named Miyagi 2013. It was very successful since a good number of our students, children, teens and adults as well, participated. The system we used for children allowed all of them to get a medal, following the concept that they are all winners, as a means of helping them overcome the fears of their first competitive event. For the older crowd, we offered prizes for the first, second and third places in each category. The Tournament had two main activities organized for the different ages of the participants: Kata Competition in Teams and Individual Kumite Details If you want someones attention......whisper .............from a Perfume advertisement Freddie Roach, owner of the Wild Card Boxing Club and trainer of several world boxing champions including Manny Pacquiao, was demonstrating the following movement; the defender drops his left lead hand slightly to entice the opponent. As the opponent throws a right to the defenders chin, the defender twists his left shoulder inward to deflect the punch while throwing a left hook over the opponents right punch. I could demonstrate the above sequence without a partner to a thousand students, but without explaining how to set up the technique, its essence wont be understood. All one would see is my turning to throw a left hook. Details Well, another year is upon us! 2014 is here. And some of us begin to think about New Years resolutions, new goals, and what the year will bring. One thing that I hope I will not have to think about is the GoJu Ryu Karate do Kyokai Newsletter. The Newsletter is in the capable hands of Mr. Bill Handren. Over the past years he has put together a link that supports the KyoKai, its activities and its members. I sincerely appreciate his time, effort and dedication on behalf of the members. As each month rolls around I look forward to opening my email and see the Newsletter. It is an opportunity to stay connected with and linked to a viable International and National organization that provides opportunities for its members to share promotionals, ideas, and commonalities. Bill thank you for all of your efforts!! Details Great faith. Great doubt. Great effort. The three qualities necessary for training. From The Little Book of Zen For the study of Zen, there are three necessities: the great root of faith, the great ball of doubt, and the great strength of tenacity. From Bobo the Priest, in Zen Inklings , by Donald Richie There are three factors for success in the study of Zen; great faith, great resolution and great spirit of inquiry. Tui-yin, 1579 Details Did you know that our CEO, Mr. Ed Myers, has been a member of the GKK for more than forty years? We have several forty-year members who have served in various capacities and some continue to do so. Keeps us functioning and brings a lot of experience to the organization. Details With this months Newsletter there is a separate PDF Dojo Roster form from Mr. Ray Walter that may it easier for our members to send us their information this year. Details It is once again time to collect the annual dues and active member list. Dan ranks are $25 and kyu ranks are $15. Start Prev 1 2 Next End Main Menu Home About the GKK GKK History GKK Officers Join the GKK GKK Dojo Directory About Karate History of Karate Karate Masters GKK Kata GKK Leaders GKK Publications News Articles Links Contact Us Dojo Blogroll Latest Issue Order Books and DVDs FAQ Latest News Login Form User Name Password Remember Me Who's Online We have 8guests and no members online Quotes Chojun Miyagi GKK Rss Feed 
