www.online-us-pharmacy.com )+( cialis soft tabs Home About Us Instructors Class Schedule Upcoming MMA Events Cage and Ring Rental Classes Kids Classes All Womens Classes Kickboxing Classes BJJ Classes Boxing Classes MMA Classes Wrestling Classes Testimonials Gallery Fighter Development Fighter Registration Contact Finney's MMA Testimonials Finney's MMA News Luigi Fioravanti New Kids Classes Instructor Wed like to welcome 9-time UFC veteran and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu black belt Luigi Fioravanti to the Finneys MMA team! Want your children to learn self-defense and MMA from a internationally-known, qualified instructor? Luigi has already begun teaching kids classes at Finneys MMA and is fitting in great! Call us at 314-821-1144 to start your 7 day free trial! Did you like this? Share it: Tweet Posted by Finney's MMA On February - 7 - 2014 0 Comment Member Spotlight: Heather Leone Finneys MMA member Heather Leone lost 130 pounds over the last year with kickboxing and personal training. She says, It was a combination of class, eating right, and kickboxing personal training sessions with Steven Mann. I also worked out with Ryan Sutton a couple times a week. We would lift and do crossfit and things like that. He always switched things up. Heather wore a heart monitor to count calories during her workouts. She compared running and kickboxing and found a difference. I literally wear my heart monitor everyday, she says, so I can tell you the difference in my workouts. Id run for an hour and I might burn 400 or 500 calories versus the 7-800 in an hour of kickboxing. Kickboxing is great, she continues, because I can see the difference in the amount of calories I burn per workout. Id burn 1100 to 1500 calories. The amount of calories I burn with kickboxing is more efficient than going and running for an hour. Kickboxing requires cardio as well as muscle and balance. Heather says, I also like that I can do cardio and still build and sculpt my look and build muscle mass. I like that I can do just one exercise thats helping me achieve both goals. Our personal training staff is composed of professionals, whether that means professional nutritionist or fighter. In Heathers case, she worked with professional fighters Steven Mann and Ryan Sutton. Heather goes on, Every employee has been a great help as far as encouraging me and giving me advice. If I had a question and we werent training they would be more than willing to answer it. I never felt like they were bothered. It was very encouraging and positive atmosphere. We really appreciate the interview, Heather, and now youre the one encouraging people to kick butt and stay healthy! Readers! Want to start training today? Call Finneys MMA at 314-821-1144 to try Finneys MMA for 7 days free! Did you like this? Share it: Tweet Posted by Finney's MMA On November - 1 - 2013 0 Comment Finneys MMA member and staff interviews! We asked a hand full of Finneys MMA members and staff several fitness-related questions! See their responses below: Awesome! Call us today at 314-821-1144 to try Finneys MMA for 7 days FREE! Did you like this? Share it: Tweet Posted by Finney's MMA On October - 28 - 2013 0 Comment Finneys MMA Answers: Best way to get in shape? We asked several Finneys MMA members: Whats the best way to get in shape? See their answers below: Call 314-821-1144 to try Finneys MMA for 7 days FREE! Did you like this? Share it: Tweet Posted by Finney's MMA On October - 7 - 2013 0 Comment Jesse Finney named Riverfront Times Best MMA Fighter The Riverfront Times has named Finneys MMA Head Coach Jesse Finney the 2013 Best MMA Fighter! Heres a link to the full article and heres the article text: Jesse Finney is a badass dude. Hes got a lifetime of learning to kick ass behind him and now mostly trains other people how to kick ass. A member of the St. Louis Boxing Hall of Fame, he runs his own gym and heads up Finneys HIT Squad, an MMA team he purchased upon retiring back in 2011. Wait, hes retired? Why is a retired MMA fighter our winner, you ask? On December 30, 2012, a man in the process of shoplifting seven bottles of vodka from the Schnucks in Crestwood got into an altercation with a female employee. The man attempted to make his getaway but was stopped by — yep, you guessed it — Jesse Finney. Finney held the man until police arrived, and the day was saved. Well, except for one bottle of vodka, which was somewhat tragically smashed during the struggle. Besides that, the outcome was a good one, all thanks to Finney, a real-life crime fighter. Awesome! Congratulations, Jesse! Readers: Interested in trying Finneys MMA for 7 days FREE!? Call us now at 314-821-1144 or visit our Contact Page and sign up today! Did you like this? Share it: Tweet Posted by Finney's MMA On September - 26 - 2013 0 Comment Older Entries 7-Day FREE Trial Contact Info: Select Your Interests: MMA Kickboxing Jiu-Jitsu Women's Classes Boxing Kid's Classes Refresh Everyone Welcome! Mon-Thur: 5:30 AM - 10:00 PM 314-821-1144 ! Read More Kids Classes Kids Jiu-Jitsu and Mini Finney's are designed for kids age 5 to 12 years old. Contact Us Finney's MMA Walkthrough Finney's MMA MIXED MARTIAL ARTS • KICKBOXING BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU • BOXING • WRESTLING WOMENS KICKBOXING • WOMENS JIU-JITSU WOMENS AND COED CLASSES KIDS KICKBOXING • KIDS JIU-JITSU Find us Google Maps View Larger Map Men's, Women's, and COED Classes Contact us for more information! Adult Classes Contact Us Fighter Training Mixed Martial Arts Read More Kickboxing We specialize in Full-Contact Rules (FCR), K-1, Muay Thai, and World Combat League rules kickboxing. All of the kickboxing sytems are non-belt based classes. Finney's has been named the "Best Kickboxing Gym in the Country" for the past 6 years by various national and international sanctioning bodies. We feature womens and coed kickboxing classes. Read More Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Read More Boxing Read More Wrestling Read More Copyright © Finney's MMA MMA, Kickboxing, Boxing, & Jiu-Jitsu 9744 Waton Rd St. Louis Mo. 63126 Phone: 314-821-1144 
