 Kenpo Thoughts View Recent Posts Become a Writer Featured Authors by John McSweeney by Ron Chapel by Tom Saviano by Tommy Jordan by Mike Vassolo by Zoran Sevic General Topics Opinion Pieces Training Tips Interviews Real World Story People of Kenpo James Mitose William Chow Adriano Emperado Ed Parker Al Tracy John McSweeney Videos Products Total Self Defense by John McSweeney Friday, April 20, 2012 This is an old video I just found on Youtube. Pretty dated but cutting edge for the time. A lot of people in the Reality Based Martial Arts think what they are doing is new. Far from it folks. Most of us are just reinventing the wheel. Anything you can think of was already done. Read More Womens Self Defense 1947 Tuesday, October 11, 2011 This is a very cool video find of a Judo demo for womens self defense in the 1940s. Very interesting to see. Read More Enter The Dojo, Episode 2: Destroy the Groin Monday, August 15, 2011 Here we are episode 2. Enjoy! Read More Enter the Dojo: Episode 1 Wednesday, August 10, 2011 Very funny parody of a martial arts school. The guy that plays Master Ken, is Matt Page who is a Kenpo 5.0 and Combat Jiu Jitsu practitioner. Most of us can see the kenpo influence in the comedy and takes the various quirks of kenpo, and many of the common sayings often told, into the [...] Read More Kenpo News Aug 1 There is no Successor to Emperado Posted by Zoran Leave a Comment This public statement is to address any questions concerning a successor to Sijo Adriano D. Emperado, Founder and Creator of the Kajukenbo system. Sijo Emperado passed away on April 4, 2009. Prior to his passing he did not name anyone to be his successor. In 2007, Sijo Emperado named a Board of Advisors (BOA) for [...] Tweet Read More Jul 27 Praying for Joe Lewis Posted by Zoran Leave a Comment The Legendary Martial Artist Joe Lewis announced on his Facebook page yesterday that he had brain cancer and was given 6 8 weeks to live. We started this Facebook page to pray for Joe Lewis. We want at least 1440 people supporting this prayer effort and praying for Joes recovery. We believe God hears [...] Tweet Read More Jul 22 2011 Origins International Martial Arts Festival at Disneyland Resort Posted by KenpoThoughts.com Leave a Comment The upcoming Origins International Martial Arts Festival at Disneyland offers Kenpo a chance to really showcase our art and to raise funds for the RFKC. Mr. White has volunteered his time to be the Director for the Kenpo Divisions and has generously agreed to donate all his proceeds to the Royal Family Kids Camp. As [...] Tweet Read More May 17 Gather of Eagles 2011 Las Vegas, Nevada Posted by KenpoThoughts.com Leave a Comment From tracyskarate.com/G0E2011/goe2011.htm GOE2011/HALL OF FAME This will be a huge event for this reason we have cancelled out the 2010 Super Camp, and we will have two years to plan this GOE2011/HALL OF FAME Over 100 Masters from all over the world will be in attendance We have the same Seminar Rooms (over 6000 [...] Tweet Read More Apr 25 Power Strike Seminar Oak Lawn, Illinois Posted by Zoran Leave a Comment Learn about the power strike that took down 6 600+ lbs Sumo fighter in UFC 3. John McSweeney created a unique method of striking that combined his knowledge from old Parker Kenpo and Crane style Kung Fu. It was further refined by his student, Tom Saviano, founder of the White Tiger Kenpo System. Zoran Sevic [...] Tweet Read More 1 2 3 4 Videos Apr 20 Total Self Defense by John McSweeney Posted by Zoran Leave a Comment This is an old video I just found on Youtube. Pretty dated but cutting edge for the time. A lot of people in the Reality Based Martial Arts think what they are doing is new. Far from it folks. Most of us are just reinventing the wheel. Anything you can think of was already done. Tweet Oct 11 Womens Self Defense 1947 Posted by KenpoThoughts.com Leave a Comment This is a very cool video find of a Judo demo for womens self defense in the 1940s. Very interesting to see. Tweet Aug 15 Enter The Dojo, Episode 2: Destroy the Groin Posted by Zoran Leave a Comment Here we are episode 2. Enjoy! Tweet Aug 10 Enter the Dojo: Episode 1 Posted by Zoran 1 Comment Very funny parody of a martial arts school. The guy that plays Master Ken, is Matt Page who is a Kenpo 5.0 and Combat Jiu Jitsu practitioner. Most of us can see the kenpo influence in the comedy and takes the various quirks of kenpo, and many of the common sayings often told, into the [...] Tweet 1 2 3 Control Panel Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Upcoming Events No events to show Want to become a writer on Kenpo Thoughts? Get noticed and contribute an article, news item, and more. Tell us about an event, new website, or your school. Submit your bio, tell us about your system and more. Read More Recent Posts Total Self Defense by John McSweeney Womens Self Defense 1947 Enter The Dojo, Episode 2: Destroy the Groin Enter the Dojo: Episode 1 Good Old Fashioned Melee There is no Successor to Emperado Kenpo T-Shirt Kenpo Key Chain Kenpo T-Shirt Kenpo Talk American Kenpo TV - S1E8 - Bob White American Kenpo TV - The Podcast - S1E7 - Chuck Sullivan Target Specific Once you understand With it is always with you 7 Biggest mistakes made in MMA from refs point of view Eastgate Kenpo Karate Demo Hello from western colorado! Annual Leadership Weekend The American Kenpo - Giron® Arnis Escrima Connection Seminar 10 Commandments of Training poster Copyright 2014 All Rights Reserved Kenpo Thoughts Magazine Theme v3 by Organic Themes WordPress Hosting RSS Feed Log in 
