 Skip to Main Content Log in / Register Log In E-Mail Address Password Forgotten Password? Remember Me Register Institutional Login Home Industrial Chemistry Industrial Chemistry Ullmann's Encyclopedia of Industrial Chemistry BOOK TOOLS Save to My Profile Recommend to Your Librarian BOOK MENU Book Home FIND ARTICLES Articles by Title Articles by Topic GET ACCESS How to get online access FOR CONTRIBUTORS Author Guidelines ABOUT THIS BOOK What's New Editors Contributors Sample Content SPECIAL FEATURES Other formats: Print Edition, DVD, Thematic Volumes Symbols, Units and Abbreviations Watch an interview with the Editor-in-Chief Barbara Elvers on ChemistryViews! The perfect companion! Kirk-Othmer Encyclopedia of Chemical Technology Ullmann's Academy Ullmann's Encyclopedia of Industrial Chemistry Copyright 1999-2014 by John Wiley and Sons, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Online ISBN: 9783527306732 DOI: 10.1002/14356007 About this Book ULLMANN'S Encyclopedia of Industrial Chemistry Celebrating the centennial of the first edition in 2014 ! Welcome to ULLMANN'S Encyclopedia of Industrial Chemistry , the benchmark reference in chemistry and chemical and life science engineering. ULLMANN'S Encyclopedia of Industrial Chemistry is a state-of-the-art reference work detailing the science and technology in all areas of industrial chemistry. Subject areas include: inorganic and organic chemicals, advanced materials, pharmaceuticals, polymers and plastics, metals and alloys, biotechnology and biotechnological products, food chemistry, process engineering and unit operations, analytical methods, environmental protection, and many more. Fully international in scope and coverage, the contents have been compiled under the supervision of a renowned global Editorial Advisory Board . It contains over 1,000 major articles, written by some 3,000 authors who are experts in their fields and affiliated to leading chemical companies or research institutes. With more than 16 million words, nearly 15,000 tables, 25,000 figures, and innumerable literature sources and cross-references, ULLMANN'S Encyclopedia offers a wealth of comprehensive and well-structured information on all facets of industrial chemistry. History First published in 1914 by Professor Fritz Ullmann in Berlin, the Enzyklopdie der Technischen Chemie (as the German title read) quickly became the standard reference work in industrial chemistry. Generations of chemists have since relied on ULLMANN'S as their prime reference source. Further German editions followed in 1928 - 1932 and 1951 - 1970. The 25 volumes of the 4th Edition, published in 1972 - 1984, were divided into an alphabetically ordered series of 18 volumes and a general series of six volumes which gave an account of the principles and methods of chemical engineering and process technology. ULLMANN'S Encyclopedia of Industrial Chemistry, 5th Edition, was published from 1985 to 1996. This is the first edition that was published in the English language. ULLMANN'S Encyclopedia of Industrial Chemistry, 6th Edition, was published in December 2002. The 40 volumes including one index volume contained 800 major articles, organized in alphabetical order. Now in its 7th Edition, again in 40 volumes, ULLMANNS has had over 600 of its articles newly written or substantially updated, in addition to several hundred color figures added throughout. ULLMANN'S 7th Edition is available in print. Click here to find out more about the 40-Volume Set. ULLMANNS Online Since 1997, ULLMANNS Encyclopedia of Industrial Chemistry has also been available online, allowing easy round-the-clock access and regular content updates. The electronic encyclopedia offers a range of advanced functionalities: HTML format for easy browsing PDF format for printing Search for a word or phrase in the entire text, including highlighting of search terms Perform complicated searches using wildcards and Boolean operators Quality ranking and context display Follow cross references via hyperlinks New and updated articles are added to ULLMANN's Online on a quarterly basis. Since November 2011, over 1,100 articles are available online hundreds of new colour figures have been added a new Further Reading section is available the articles are easier to navigate From the reviews: The Sixth Edition is the culmination of 90 years experience and tradition, fully international in scope and presentation with articles of the highest quality. It deserves a place in every library that aspires to offer comprehensive reference material on industrial chemistry. I can recommend it without reservation. Angewandte Chemie In summary, the Encyclopedia is an excellent addition to a technical library. Its broad coverage provides the reader with an excellent source of up-to-date industrial chemistry information, and the reference citations provide an avenue to more detailed information. Journal of the American Chemical Society Ullmann's is an indispensable gold mine for students, patent attorneys, and researchers [...]. It should be readily available [...] at major public libraries and corporate collections. Today's Chemist at Work What's New Featured Article Micro Process Technology, 3. Applications Timothy Nol, Volker Hessel This article highlights a few important aspects of the use of micro process technology for chemical reactions. For example, thermoresponsive microcapsules can be made of a thermosensitive hydrogel and can encapsulate several water droplets. On temperature increase, the thermosensitive outer core shrinks and eventually bursts. Such materials are interesting for on-demand drug-release applications. 100 Years of Ullmann's: 1914 to 2014 Snapshots from the first Edition Sulfuric acid was one of the commercially most important bulk chemicals at the time, with a global production figure of 5 million tons annually during the early 1910s. The Falding-type plant shown here utilized the SO 2 -containing off-gases from the roasting of sulfidic iron ore. Find out more about industrial chemistry of 100 years ago and about Fritz Ullmann, the founding editor of the encyclopedia: Chemical Technology of the 1910s on Chemistry Views Read Fritz Ullmanns Preface to the first edition Read about the life of Fritz Ullmann in his obituary (in German) Most Accessed Articles (2013) 1) Urea 2) Biorefineries Industrial Processes and Products 3) Beer 4) Carbohydrates as Organic Raw Materials 5) Oil Refining 6) Ethylene 7) Reactive Distillation 8) Surfactants 9) Catalytic Fixed-Bed Reactors 10) Acetic Acid SEARCH Search Scope All content Publication titles Search String Advanced Saved Searches Search in this Book Publications Browse by Subject Resources About Us Help Contact Us Agents Advertisers Media Privacy Cookies Terms Conditions Site Map Copyright 1999-2014 John Wiley Sons, Inc. All Rights Reserved. About Wiley Wiley.com Wiley Job Network 
