 About Wiley | View Related Sites GIT VERLAG Verlag Helvetica Chimica Acta Ernst & Sohn More... Home Service Jobs Newsletter Company Productsearch eBooks Journals | Journals from A to Z | Helvetica Chimica Acta Browse our products: Books Journals Please specify Anthropology Architecture Biomedical Engineering Business Chemical Engineering Chemistry Civil Engineering Computer Science Earth Science Education Electrical Engineering Energy Food Science Geography Health History Industrial Engineering Life Sciences Materials Science Mathematics Mechanical Engineering Medical Science Nanotechnology Physics Polymer Science Science & Engineering Statistics Journals from A to Z Online Submission of Manuscripts New journals Latest issues Featured sites Choose your area of interest: Resources for: Authors Librarians Booksellers Journalists Advertisers Business Customers Lecturers Licenses Helvetica Chimica Acta Latest Issue Access full text, free trials, sample copies, editorial and author information, news, and more. Founded by the Swiss Chemical Society in 1917, Helvetica Chimica Acta is a monthly multidisciplinary journal dedicated to the dissemination of knowledge in all areas of chemistry and to the timely publication of original full-paper contributions from all over the world. With emphasis on the multidisciplinary nature of the journal, progress in subdisciplines including but not limited to organic, inorganic, physical, technical, and analytical chemistry is reported. Outstanding professionals referee all contributions, and papers with full experimental data are carefully edited and published, on average, within 3 months of receipt. There is no restriction on the length of the papers or the scope of the chemistry presented. Preliminary communications and review papers are considered as well. Readership: Chemists of all disciplines Print ISSN: 0018-019X Online ISSN: 1522-2675 Volume 97. 12 issues in 2014. Language of Publication: English Short Info Advertise Related Books Technische Chemie Professionell Prsentieren in den Natur- und Ingenieurwissenschaften Atkins: Physikalische Chemie Set aus Lehrbuch und Arbeitsbuch [more] Tell a friend RSS Feeds Print-Version Sitemap 2014 Wiley-VCH Verlag GmbH Co. KGaA - Provider http://www.wiley-vch.de info@wiley-vch.de Data Protection Copyright 2000-2014 by John Wiley & Sons, Inc., or related companies. All rights reserved. 
