 Elementymology Elements Multidict by Peter van der Krogt Introduction PeriodicTable Elements Languages Indexes Specials Contact This is THE web site for element names. You will find this site useful not only for the origins (etymology) of element names, but also for translations of each element name into numerous other languages. ( McGraw-Hill Ryerson ) Peter van der Krogt mixes science, history, and etymology to create an exhaustive database of the elements. This site is fascinating and brings a human element to a table of symbols and numbers. ( Bionic Teaching ) Introduction What do you find in this web site? Elementymology: History of the elements and their names Elements A history of the discovery and naming of the element. In this text the emphasis is on the naming. This is mainly based on the works by Weeks and Gmelin (see page Sources Elements Multidict: Element names in 98 languages Languages and you'll get a list of the languages included. You may also click on Periodic Table for a clickable name origin periodic table in 98 languages, or on Elements Clickable Periodic Table Move your mouse over it and the names of the elements appear in: English Alphabetical lists Indexes for: Chronology of the discovery Persons involved in the discovery and naming Name origin Names that did not make it Specials Specials Peter van der Krogt in Strontian (18 September 2004), the town where the element Strontium got its name from, and in Ytterby, Sweden (21 July 2009), the town where Erbium, Terbium, Ytterbium, and Yttrium got their name from (more photos here) Latest updates 22 October 2012: Despite the new structure I didn't have the time for updates. Today I added two newly named elements, Livermorium and Flerovium January 2010: 31 December 2009: Several small changes and photos of the Ytterby Mine 29 December 2009: Element 112 named Copernicium 3 May 2009: Acknowledgments John Veevaert, Trinity Mineral Company Steve Covey, Amethyst Galleries, Inc. John P. Pratt, memory pegs What do you NOT find in this web site? (Offsite: page opens in another window) 
