 Falex Tribology Wingepark 23b B-3110 Rotselaar +32 (0)16 407 965 Solutions Testing Equipment Support Company print-friendly page SOLUTIONS Tribology is the science and technology related to Friction, Wear Lubrication We are the European Expert Center , located in Belgium for the Falex group , Chicago, U.S.A. We can help achieve the strategic goals of yourcompany, your industry . We can contribute to your end user satisfaction and reduce your company's environmental impact . We focus on three activities : Testing, Test Equipment Sales and Full Service Support. TESTING Tribological Standard Tests When you need to know friction and wear properties of your new materials When you want a reliable provider for your Quality Control tests - ASTM, DIN, ISO, CEC When you need data on lubrication Custom test design : procedures and test methods for product development, quality control or troubleshooting When you're looking for new insights into your product's performance When you need an experts opinion on friction, wear and surface technology issues When you're searching for test methods Component testing prior to expensive field tests TEST EQUIPMENT SALES When you need a reliable wear and friction test instrument When looking for more automation, precision and repeatability in your tests Friction and wear instruments from N to 10000 Newton FULL SERVICE SUPPORT Continuous support : preventive maintenance and calibration contracts On-site diagnostic visits and repairs Training on test equipment and standard test methods Advice on proper use and interpretation of test results Customized solutions assistance Spare parts and consumables We work in close cooperation with strong partners in engineering, research and innovation : KU Leuven , Tetra GmbH , DTI Via Innovia . Solutions News 19th International Colloquium Tribology From 21 to 23 January 2014, the 19th International Colloquium Tribology, Industrial and Automotive Lubrication took place in Stuttgart/Ostfildern, Germany. During the colloquium, Dr Dirk Drees, CEO of Falex Tribology nv gave the attached presentation illustrating the need for precision and repeatability in Tribology Testing. Click to view the presentation Newsletter December 2013 We did not want to send you off to 2014 without our latest news ... Season's greetings from the Falex Tribology Team ! Click here to read our December newsletter ! Welcome to the face-lifted Falex Tribology Newsletter ! After an absence of about one year, we are reactivating our newsletters and newsflashes. It took us quite a long time to come back with our newsletters, not because there wasnt any news, but because we havent had the time to write it all down. Click here to read the September 2013 issue. Falex Oxidation Stability of Jet Fuel ASTM D3241 ASTM D3241 with Falex F400 ! Demo test machine available in our lab Read more EXPANSION OF TEST EQUIPMENT WITH PRECISION TRIBOMETERS We have put in operation the Basalt-N Microtribometer, the Basalt-M multistation precision pin-on-disk tribometer and the Basalt-C Piston Simulator Read more Falex Tribology Wingepark 23b B-3110 Rotselaar +32 (0)16 407 965 
