 Sign In | Help | My Account Archaeology Historic Preservation Anthropology History Ethnography Architectural History Museums Home Announcements Training Field schools Universities Jobs News Companies Resources Videos Books Images Directory Museums Community Recent Activity Members Cultural Resources Network Recent Activity Sign In Join Featured Companies Warning : Creating default object from empty value in /home/cultural/public_html/company_home.php on line 4 Prentice Thomas and Associates, Inc. Brian Carter Broadus LLC Architects Applied Archaeological Research - AAR, Inc. view more companies Featured Jobs view more jobs At Cultural Resource Network we are passionate about people, culture, and their history. Since 2004 we have been dedicated to all things related to cultural resources. Featured News Most Recent Highest Rated Most Commented 25 Feb Scientific Illustration The Q Ranch Archaeological Program, as part of the Arizona Archaeological Society (AAS), is pleased to offer a Scientific Illustration Workshop taught by professional artist and scientific illustrator Bryan Donahue. Students will learn the importance ... read the full article 25 Feb Archaeology: a Favorite Georgetown Subject Archaeology: a Favorite Georgetown Subject. By Paulina Phelps | February 24th, 2014 |. Ruth Trocotolli, archaeologist for D.C.s Historic Preservati. Serafine George. Ruth Trocotolli, archaeologist for D.C.s Historic Preservati. The Georgetown Public ... read the full article 25 Feb Documentary Follows Museum Curator Searching for a Human Penis Except a human penis. And thats where this new documentary comes in. Yes, there is a documentary in the works called The Final Member, following around museum curator Sigurđur "Siggi" Hjartarson as he travels to find a human specimen for the museum. read the full article 25 Feb Gautam Gambhir reported for threatening DDCA curator with bat: report Out-of-favour India opener Gautam Gambhir, who captains his state side Delhi, allegedly threatened former India player and Delhi District Cricket Association (DDCA) pitch curator Venkat Sundaram after the two were involved in a war of words - DNA has... read the full article 16 Apr Archaeology club cooks prehistoric feast Texas State students are given the opportunity to explore the cultural habits of prehistoric civilizations through the Experimental Archaeology Club. The Experimental Archaeology Club is a group of primarily anthropology students seeking to test the ... read the full article 22 Oct The 7th Annual AIA-MOS Archaeology Fair: Celebrating Another Great Year of ... On October 18 and 19, 2013, the AIA teamed up with the Museum of Science, Boston to host our 7th Annual AIA-MOS Archaeology Fair. This two-day event brings together institutions and organizations from around New England who share the AIAs mission... read the full article 22 Oct A glimpse into Mexicos past Excavations near the National Museum of Interventions in Coyoacan on the outskirts of Mexico City, have revealed a rich depth of history from Aztec and colonial archaeology right up to the battle that took place there during the American invasion in 1847. read the full article 22 Oct EBay Taps Solange Knowles, Chris Benz, Janie Bryant, Eddie Borgo, Todd ... read the full article 10 Apr Tools of archaeology used to excavate Mexico mammoth This handout photo taken on April 4, 2013 and released on April 9, 2013 by the Mexican National Anthropology and History Institute shows paleontologists and archaeologists at the site where the remains of a mammoth were found in Santa Ana Tlacotenco, ... 1 Comments read the full article 14 Nov A lost civilisation: 3000-year-old cemetery discovered in Swat read the full article 14 Nov Renowned archaeologist talks Egyptian sarcophagi The Institute of Egyptian Art and Archaeology is co-hosting the seventh annual William J. Murnane Memorial Lecture with the Department of History and the Tennessee Chapter of the American Research Center in Egypt. Brock worked for many years in the ... read the full article 14 Nov Hunting or climate change? Megafauna extinction debate narrows The main reason is that many Australian archaeologists reject overkill. They have looked for direct evidence that people killed megafauna, and they havent found it. No great piles of bones around ancient campsites; no diprotodon skeletons with spears ... read the full article Directory International Network for S.. Archaeological Institute of.. National Assoc. for the Pra.. Archaeology Magazine British Archaeological Jobs.. view more directory Featured Books Critical Ethnography The Elementary Structures o.. Historic Preservation Techn.. Method and Theory in Histor.. Historic Preservation: An I.. view more books Featured Videos Most Recent Most Viewed Highest Rated The history of our world in 18 minutes Posted by: Matt Five Historical Misconceptions Posted by: Matt Culture, Commerce, Economics and Anthropology Posted by: Matt The history of our world in 18 minutes Posted by: Matt Culture, Commerce, Economics and Anthropology Posted by: Matt Five Historical Misconceptions Posted by: Matt What is Archaeology Posted by: Matt Archaeology for Everyone: The Bamburgh Research Project Posted by: Matt Archaeology and Climate Change Posted by: Matt view more videos Community Most Active New Members cultural2614 cultural2243 cultural127 cultural2826 cultural2455 cultural76 cultural3030 cultural2669 jcronin catherinea jblizzard knagle cemerritt msjeu7 HamedY alexiasober view more members Active Comments very cool Posted: Strict Standards : Non-static method Duration::datediff() should not be called statically, assuming $this from incompatible context in /home/cultural/public_html/classes/public_recent_activity.php on line 32 Strict Standards : Non-static method Duration::date2tstamp() should not be called statically, assuming $this from incompatible context in /home/cultural/public_html/Duration.php on line 114 Strict Standards : Non-static method Duration::date2tstamp() should not be called statically, assuming $this from incompatible context in /home/cultural/public_html/Duration.php on line 115 Strict Standards : Non-static method Duration::int2array() should not be called statically, assuming $this from incompatible context in /home/cultural/public_html/Duration.php on line 118 view all active comments Featured Images Most Recent Most Viewed Highest Rated Mayan Face Sculpture Posted by: Matt Tikal Temple I Posted by: Matt The Crystal Maiden Posted by: Matt Actun Tunichil Muknal Ceramics Posted by: Matt Actun Tunichil Muknal Ceramics Posted by: Matt The Crystal Maiden Posted by: Matt Tikal Temple I Posted by: Matt Mayan Face Sculpture Posted by: Matt Tikal Temple I Posted by: Matt Mayan Face Sculpture Posted by: Matt Actun Tunichil Muknal Ceramics Posted by: Matt The Crystal Maiden Posted by: Matt view more Featured Announcements Cultural resource industry Section 106 Essentials Training Posted on: 12/2/2013 read more Owyhee Quarry Tools Posted on: 11/30/2013 read more Topola - the Biggest Biritual Necropolis in South Eastern Europe Posted on: 11/28/2013 read more view more announcements Featured Museums Cultural resource historic museums and gallery. American Museum of Natural History The Division\'s collection comprises more than 500,000 objects, including artifacts from past and cu... Posted on: 4/17/2013 read more Museum of Peoples and Cultures The Museum of Peoples and Cultures exists to serve the academic mission of BYU and care for the anth... Posted on: 4/18/2013 read more Arizona State Museum Arizona State Museum is one of the oldest and largest anthropology musuems in the Southwest. Posted on: 4/17/2013 read more view more museums Training Opportunities Cultural resource training Archaeological excavations at the ROMAN FORUM in PHILIPPOPOLIS 2014 (Bulgaria)t civilisations. Posted by: cultural4946 Posted on: 12/16/2013 read more 01 Code. MAKING AN ARCHAEOLOGICAL VIDEO DOCUMENTARY VIDEO -2014- Posted by: cultural4437 Posted on: 11/24/2013 read more Huari-Ancash Bioarchaeological Project 2014. Peru Posted by: Huari_Ancash Posted on: 10/13/2013 read more view more training opportunities Weekly Newsletter Since 2004, The Cultural Resource Network (formerly known as eCulturalResources.com) has been a trusted source of news, jobs and announcements for archaeologists, historians, anthropologists, and cultural resource management professionals. More Info About Us Our Services Contact Us Use of this website constitutes acceptance of the Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Copyright 2004-2013 Cultural Resource Network 
