 Proceed to Content University of Minnesota myU One Stop Directories Search U of M Return to: College of Liberal Arts Home : U of M Home Institute for Global Studies About IGS Undergraduate Studies Funding for Students Alumni Study Abroad Research Scholarship Faculty Staff News Events Teacher Community Outreach Giving to IGS Institute for Global Studies Social Sciences Phone: 612-624-9007 igs@umn.edu Centers Austrian Studies Early Modern History European Studies Finnish Studies German European Studies Holocaust and Genocide Studies Human Rights Program Immigration History Research Center Medieval Studies Modern Greek Studies Study of the Asias Welcome The Institute for Global Studies (IGS) creates an environment for students and scholars at the University of Minnesota to investigate the sets of interrelated processes forming today's increasingly interdependent world. IGS provides a vibrant curriculum for students, brings together scholars from diverse disciplines, and works with the community to create partnerships examining global issues. IGS is designated a comprehensive National Resource Center in International Studies by the United States Department of Education. To read the project narrative and appendices, click here . News and Information 2014 Undergraduate Interdisciplinary Conference: Call for Proposals The Second Annual Undergraduate Interdisciplinary Conference (UIC), hosted by the Departments of Asian Languages, and Literatures, German, Scandinavian and Dutch, French and Italian Studies, Spanish and Portuguese Studies, and the Institute for Global Studies, will take place on April 17th and April 18th and will include presentations in a variety of languages. Students participating in the UIC will have the opportunity to experience all the rigor and fun of a professional academic conference: there will be panels of student researchers and writers, moderated discussion and a keynote speaker. For more information on the conference and help with proposing and presenting a conference paper, see the Conference web site http://spanport.umn.edu/ugrad/UIC2014.html . NOTE: Applications are due Friday, February 28, 2014. Ohanessian Dialogues: Genocide and its Aftermaths: Lessons from Rwanda Sponsorship made possible in part by the Arsham and Charlotte Ohanessian Fund at the Minneapolis Foundation . The Institute for Global Studies in partnership with The Center for Holocaust and Genocide Studies and the Human Rights Program is hosting a series of events to commemorate the 20th anniversary of the genocide that took place in Rwanda in 1994. The events are scheduled for April 16, 17 and 19, 2014. The program includes a public conference, a student conference, and a K-16 educator workshop. The objectives of the commemorative events are: promoting public understanding of what happened in Rwanda; discussing what were the immediate responses of the international community to the violence; and exploring the long-term consequences that the cataclysmic failure to prevent the genocide has on international policy and action. For detailed information, see the Genocide and Its Aftermaths website. Events Global REM: David LaVigne, "Heritage Tourism and the Immigrant Past" 03/05/2014 12:30 PM Location: 308 Elmer L. Andersen Library South Asia Lecture Series - Dia Da Costa, "An Ideology for Life?: Towards an Enduring Vitality of Activism in Delhi, 1973-Present" 03/05/2014 3:30 PM Location: 710 Social Sciences Latin American Brown Bag: Kelly McKay, "Protest, Performance, and Space in the Student Rebellion in Chile" 03/06/2014 12:00 PM Location: 710 Social Sciences View all events 2006 Regents of the University of Minnesota. All rights reserved. The University of Minnesota is an equal opportunity educator and employer. Last modified February 20, 2014 Contact U of M Privacy 
