 Subscribe and get the latest issue every Wednesday by email. email accept THANK YOU VERY MUCH If you enjoy reading The St. Petersburg Times, like us on Vkontakte to stay up to date with the latest news. Jobs Real Estate Classifieds Dining Guide Conferences Wednesday, February 26, 2014 PDF | Archive Номе News Business Features Opinion Blogs Arts & Culture Restaurants Travel Magazine City Info Events Subscribe Sochi 2014 MOST READ Police and Activists Clash at Kupchino Rally AmCham’s Alexis Rodzianko’s Russian Ties Maidan Protesters, For and Against, Meet on Field of Mars PARTNER NEWS Doing Business in Russia as an Expat Are you thinking of looking... Legendary Porcelain Artworks for Your Home Aerodynamic FlyStation Complex Many people dream of flying — today it is now a reality, thanks to the invention of the windtunnel. One... BLOGS In Hot Water One of my weak spots in Russian is the use of prefixes. Just the other day, I wanted to say that my nose... A Little Bit of This, a Little Bit of That Ukraine’s Take on Why East Is East Азиатчина OPINION Evaluating Russia After Sochi and McFaul What Kiev’s Democratic Turn Means for Moscow Putin Scores Gold With Sochi Miracle Перевести на русский Print this article Unearthing Cultural Treasures By Vladimir Gryaznevich Published: September 27, 2005 (Issue # 1108) Let us turn, once again, to the problem of preserving cultural monuments, specifically the protection of archaeological monuments during construction. It’s an issue that’s particularly pressing in cities, towns and villages with centuries, if not millennia, of history under their belts, such as Novgorod, Pskov, and Staraya Ladoga. As the prosperity of Russians rises, the pace of housing and commercial construction picks up dramatically, and the foundation ditches and trenches for engineering communications almost inevitably cut straight through this rich archaeological layer of history and culture. In order that these monuments be preserved, building works must be preceded by archaeological digs. A federal law on the protection of monuments, adopted in 2002, obliges developers preparing plots of land for construction to finance these digs. That pushes up the time periods for the construction works, and pushes up their eventual cost. The developer’s desire to minimize these expenses is understandable — keep the costs low, and get the archaeological digs over with in the shortest possible time frame. That brings the developer into conflict with the archaeologists, who want to carry out the digs as carefully as possible and, as a result, want as much time as they can get. In practice, the conflicts are resolved in a number of different ways, each dependent on the specific plot of land being developed. Nevertheless, whichever way it goes, one of the two parties is always left feeling hard done by. In order to regulate these relations between developers, archaeologists and the local authorities, there should be a system drawn up detailing the demands made on developers. With that system in place, it would be easier to find resources to carry out the digs, and to train up personnel capable of carrying out those digs and preserving whatever is found of cultural significance. Various proposals on such a system have already been put forward. The idea from Sergei Troyanovsky, deputy chairman of the Novgorod Oblast Culture, Film and Tourism Committee and head of the State Department for the Control, Preservation and Use of Historical and Cultural Monuments, seems to make a lot of sense. Troyanovsky suggests that, before putting a plot of land up for tender, the mayor of Novgorod could commission archaeological digs. The expenses incurred could then be covered when the plot goes up for sale. That should also make the tender process a lot smoother, meaning that such a plot could be sold at a good price — it’s no secret that investors like plots of land where the archaeological digs have already been carried out. An “archaeological development” of this kind could be carried out on a planned, systematic basis, and that means that the corresponding expenditures in the local budget could also be planned in advance. Various credit mechanisms could be put in place for projects of this kind, with their guaranteed profitability, and that means that the local budget wouldn’t be hit too hard, if at all. Pages: [1] [2] Also in this section Evaluating Russia After Sochi and McFaul What Kiev’s Democratic Turn Means for Moscow Putin Scores Gold With Sochi Miracle How U.S. Media Misrepresent Sochi and Kiev Turning Deterrence Into Absurdity Times Talk Men's news PRESS RELEASES Well Done Meat Head Moet & Chandon was flowing at popular local restaurant MEAT HEAD last week during its first birthday with an intimate guest list of... 2014 Meet With Ideas! On Sept. 17, 2013 at Buddha Bar the next closed meeting for members and friends of the Club of Ideas for People will take place.... ALL ABOUT TOWN Wednesday, Feb. 26 Business owners interested in expanding their business into Western Europe shouldn’t miss the seminar Belgium: Food for Thought at the Belgium Consulate. Organized by the Economic and Commercial Representation of Flanders, those wishing to have their products appear on Flemish shelves are encouraged to attend. Thursday, Feb. 27 Nissan Russia’s human resources director Yaroslava Vasilieva will be the honored guest at SPIBA’s Breakfast with the Director , a new series of events that invites local business leaders to sit down and talk about their respective industries and personal successes. The meeting will be held in SPIBA’s office and those wanting to attend should confirm their participation by Feb. 26. Friday, Feb. 28 AmCham’s Taxation Committee Meeting is today at their office in the New St. Isaac Office Center at 24 Ulitsa Yakubovicha on the third floor. Check their website for more information. Saturday, Mar. 1 You may have been able to talk your way out of why you didn’t have a Valentine’s Day gift for you significant other but you certainly won’t be able to avoid International Women’s Day on Mar. 8. Don’t worry though: Expocenter Eurasia’s Gifts for Women’s Day begins today and runs until Mar. 5. Local businesses will be on hand to make sure you give the right impression in a week’s time. The Begin Grad and MBA Fair is today in the Kempinski Hotel Moika 22. Recent graduates and those still in school are encouraged to attend and learn about the many opportunities offered to young professionals in Russia. Sunday, Mar. 2 Get over the Olympic hockey hangover by securing tickets to SKA St. Petersburg’s first home game in more than a month as they take on eastern conference rival Avtomobilist Yekaterinburg at 5 p.m. in the Ice Palace arena next to Prospekt Bolshevikov metro station.  Monday, Mar. 3 Are you the type of person who can’t help clicking on links to adorable kittens? Then check out artist Olga Pavlova’s ongoing exhibit Let’s Be Cats at the Republic of Cats museum at 10 Ulitsa Yakubovicha. Famous scientists, writers, actors and fictional characters are reimagined as furry felines. Pavlova’s work will be on display until Mar. 20. Tuesday, Mar. 4 SPIBA’s ongoing series of Look@It Tours continues today with Look@Russian Standard Vodka , one of St. Petersburg’s biggest brands and a name synonymous with excellence around the world. Meeting at 3 p.m., participants will have the opportunity to experience the vodka production process with Events Director Didier Garcon as well as ask questions about the company’s business tactics. Those interested should confirm by Feb. 28 if they wish to participate. Past Issues Classifieds Jobs The St. Petersburg Times Business portal Updates JOBS Job opportunities Vacancies Positions Show all » CLASSIFIEDS Language Lessons Guides Accomodation Show all » REAL ESTATE Residential Commercial Agencies list Show all » CONFERENCES Анонсы мероприятий Об отделе конференций EVENTS Gigs Stages Museums Show all » OTHER Ad Price Contact us SERVICES RSS PDF Archive Subscribe Contact Us Ad Price Search ISSUE - #1108 Home Local News National News Business Opinion Arts & Culture Restaurants CULTURE Dish Galleries Screens Stages Gigs Museums ABOUT TOWN Dining Guide Hotels Club Guide Photo Gallery General Information Metro Map Metro Timetable Bridges Timetable Consulates Bulletin Board BUSINESS PORTAL Jobs Classifieds Real Estate Conferences Magazine Spring Expectations White Nights Golden Autumn Giving Magazine Sign up for E-mail updates Издание предназначенно для аудитории старше 18 лет. 
