 Quicklinks Library Directory A-Z Index Contact Us About Academics Admissions Student LIfe Athletics Alumni Friends nav-myDSU College of Arts and Sciences Art Bachelor of Science in Interdisciplinary Studies Biological and Physical Sciences Center for Interdisciplinary Geospatial Information Technologies DMI Delta Music Institute Homepage Gender Studies Group Honors Program Languages Literature Mathematics Music Social Sciences History Chairs Welcome Mission Statement and Degree Programs Division Faculty Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Fall 2013 Exam Schedule Photo Galleries Division of Social Sciences and History Alumni:Stories of Success Social Sciences Information Center for Community Economic Development The Madison Center Social Work Speech and Hearing Sciences Home College of Arts and Sciences Social Sciences History Division of Social Sciences and History The Division of Social Sciences and History provides intellectual, cultural, and professional development for majors in Community Development, Geography, History, Political Science, Social Justice and Criminology, and Social Sciences.  The Division also offers preparation for teaching in one of the subfields of the Social Sciences, and preparation for graduate or professional study. The Division also aims to serve students majoring in other academic areas by introducing them to the various areas of Social Science. The Bachelor of Science in Education degree prepares students in the Social Sciences for a career in teaching.  The Bachelor of Arts degree in History and Political Science provide a strong liberal arts foundation.  A major in Social Justice and Criminology may be earned through the Bachelor of Science degree program. The Bachelor of Science is available with a major in Social Sciences and concentrations in Applied Development Studies, Geography, and Sociology. Minor fields of study offered in the Division are Social Justice and Criminology, Geography, History, Paralegal Studies, Political Science, Pre-law, and Sociology. The Bachelor of Arts and Bachelor of Science degrees are designed to provide a well-rounded liberal arts education. They are particularly recommended for students contemplating graduate work in one of the social science fields or law. The Bachelor of Science in Social Justice and Criminology degree is for students who are interested in the professions of law enforcement, corrections, or juvenile justice. Students planning to enter law school may adopt a program leading to the Bachelor of Arts degree or Bachelor of Science degree. A broad background is recommended for those preparing for law school. If you have any questions please feel free to contact  Dr. Paulette Meikle Yaw  at (662) 846-4065 or any of the faculty listed in these pages.  Please also visit the Chairs Welcome . Recent Events Dr. Ethan Schmidt hosting KIPP students in his classes on Jan 30, 2014 KIPP Delta High School visits Department of Social Sciences and History on Jan 30th, 2014   Dr. Ethan Schmidt keynotes at Winterville Mounds   Division Faculty Undergraduate Programs History   Political Science  Social Justice Criminology Social Science    Social Science Education  Graduate Programs    Community Development   Social Justice Criminology Social Science Education  Newsletter Spring 2011   Newsletter Autumn 2011 Delta State University | Copyright 2014 | All rights reserved Highway 8 West Cleveland, MS 38733 1.800.GO.TO.DSU Give to DSU Maps Directions Ethics Link University Policies Quicklinks Close Window Around Campus Bologna Performing Arts Center Bookstore Campus Police Maps Directions Dining (Aramark) Faculty Staff Directory Housing Residence Life Attending DSU Academic Catalog Apply to DSU Distance Education Financial Aid Graduate Continuing Studies Registrar's Office Student Business Services Resources C.A.R.T. Consumer Information Human Resources Jobs @ DSU Student Handbook Student Health Services Technology Support Transcript Requests What's Happening? DSU Events DSU News Office of Communications Marketing 
