 Education Archaeology Search Careers Human History Sites & Places Share Must Reads Frequently Asked Questions Great Research Paper Topics Field School Listings Dating Methods in Archaeology What Is Archaeology? Guide since 1997 K. Kris Hirst About.com Archaeology Sign up for My Newsletter My Bio Headlines Browse Topic Archaeology Digs 2014 Ancient Civilizations Archaeology 101 Archaeologists Ancient Daily Life Anthropology Artifacts and Art History Careers in Archaeology Ages & Periods Archaeology by Country Preserving our Heritage Evolution and Human Origins Your Planet's Past Predynastic Egypt Dynastic Egypt, with its pharaohs, mummies and pyramids, started somewhere.,, Read More More on Predynastic Egypt The Narmer Palette The Herbal Wines of the Scorpion King Domestication of the Donkey Photo Essays Gbekli Tepe: Ancient Cult Site in Turkey Chankillo: Observatory in Peru Hoards and Caches The discovery of riches left behind by a Viking chieftain or left as an offering to the gods always makes the news. But what doesn't always make the news is what the caches and hoards tells us about the people who left them behind. Read More Hoards and Caches Asmar Hoard Viking Hoards Mummy Cache at Deir el Bahri Archaeology Spotlight 10 Domesticating American Bottle Gourds Monday February 24, 2014 New evidence concerning the process of domestication of the lovely and useful bottle gourd was published recently in the journal, Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences . Bottle Gourds in Fukushima Prefecture, Japan Tanaka Juuyoh A few years ago, scholars suggested that the bottle gourd was brought into the Americas by migrating hunter-gatherers from Asia. New evidence suggests that instead, African bottle gourds washed up on American Atlantic shores, where the locals took the seeds and planted them. Read more about bottle gourds including the latest research. Table of Plant Domestications Kistler L, Montenegro Á, Smith BD, Gifford JA, Green RE, Newsom LA, and Shapiro B. 2014. Transoceanic drift and the domestication of African bottle gourds in the Americas. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences : in press. Comments (0) Permalink Share Camel Stories Wednesday February 19, 2014 Camels are odd creatures. They look ungainly, they make funny noises and they spit. And there are six separate species running around our planet right now. Dromedary camels in the desert, one with raised leg. (does this remind you of Dali or what?) Photo by Terry McCormick / Photographer's Choice RF / Getty Images How many camel stories does anyone truly need? Camels: When and Where Were Camels Domesticated? Bactrian camels Dromedary Camels Llamas and Alpacas (and vicunas and guanacos) Comments (1) Permalink Share The Olmec Heart of Chalcatzingo Monday February 17, 2014 The archaeological site of Chalcatzingo is located in the Mexican state of Morelos, some 300 kilometers inland from a major source of its sculptural art, the Olmec heartland. The Feline Triad at Chalcatzingo. Photo by Nicoletta Maestri In a new photo essay, contributing writer Nicoletta Maestri gives us an insider's look at the bas-reliefs of this fascinating 3,000 year old site. The Bas-Reliefs of Chalcatzingo , a photo essay Chalcatzingo , more on the site itself Comments (0) Permalink Share DNA at the Anzick Site Supports American Colonization Friday February 14, 2014 DNA studies on the Clovis-age burial site of Anzick in the American state of Montana illuminating the pace and complexity of the first American colonization were reported in Nature this week. A nearly complete point of dendritic chert, a mid-interval biface of translucent cryptocrystalline quartz, a mid to late-interval biface of dendritic chert, and a "dual,end-beveled" osseous rod, all of which exhibit various amounts of red ochre residue. Sarah L. Anzick Anzick is unusual for many reasons: at 12,800 years old, it is one of the oldest burials known in the Americas. The burial goods placed with the child represent one of the largest and most diverse collections of Clovis-aged working toolkit archaeologists have found to date. And now, DNA recovered from the site have provided rare genetic support for the American colonization from Asia. Read more about Anzick The PreHistory of Clovis Rasmussen M, Anzick SL, Waters MR, Skoglund P, DeGiorgio M, Stafford Jr TW, Rasmussen S, Moltke I, Albrechtsen A, Doyle SM et al. 2014. The genome of a Late Pleistocene human from a Clovis burial site in western Montana. Nature 506:225-229. Comments (5) Permalink Share See More Free Archaeology Newsletter! Sign Up Explore Archaeology Must Reads Frequently Asked Questions Great Research Paper Topics Field School Listings Dating Methods in Archaeology What Is Archaeology? Most Popular Aztec Gods Top 10 Things to Know about the Aztecs A.D. (or AD) (Anno Domini) Who Were the Aryans? The Discovery of Fire Free Archaeology Newsletter! Sign Up By Category Archaeology Digs 2014 Ancient Civilizations Archaeology 101 Archaeologists Ancient Daily Life Anthropology Artifacts and Art History Careers in Archaeology Ages & Periods Archaeology by Country Preserving our Heritage Evolution and Human Origins Archaeology About.com Education Archaeology Most Popular Latest Articles RSS Advertise on About.com Our Story News SiteMap All Topics Reprints Help Write for About Careers at About User Agreement Ethics Policy Patent Info. Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices and Cookie Policy 2014 About.com. All rights reserved. 
