 Skip to Main Content Search ASC Home About Us Consulting Services Education Projects Publications Interpretation Outreach Site Map Contact Us Help ASC What's New at the ASC David A. Fredrickson In memoriam South of Market: Historical Archaeology of 3 San Francisco Neighborhoods The San FranciscoOakland Bay Bridge, West Approach Project Life Force Archaeological Commentary from Michael Newland as told to Perspectives, KQED Public Radio Nearly Neighbors Archaeological Investigations for the High Street Seismic Retrofit Project Historical Archaeology at High Street, Oakland, California SHARD sonoma historic artifact research database A system to catalog artifacts from mid‐19th to early‐20th‐century archaeological sites. Welcome The Anthropological Studies Center has been assisting environmental firms, non-profit organizations, private property owners, and government agency clients with archaeological sites, Native American concerns, and historic buildings since 1974. Our deep working knowledge of state and federal regulations, coupled with solid scholarly research, has earned ASC and its staff numerous awards: the American Society of Civil Engineers Award of Merit , the California Governor’s Award for Historic Preservation , Society for California Archaeology’s Thomas F. King Award in Cultural Resources Management , the SCA’s Martin A. Baumhoff Special Achievement in Research Award , and the SCA’s Harrington Award for preservation and public archaeology . ASC is led by Dr. Adrian Praetzellis , a practicing archaeologist with over 25 years experience. The organization’s large staff is managed by Mary Praetzellis, M.A., who is also a Registered Historian. ASC has a core staff of 17 full-time and 15 part-time employees, including 9 Registered Professional Archaeologists and a Registered Professional Historian, among whom are historical and prehistoric archaeologists, an oral historian, a staff editor, an archaeological laboratory manager, field and lab technicians, as well as report production, computer graphics, and GIS specialists. Want to hire us? Learn more about our consulting services Learn more about Cultural Resource Management More about us | Mission Statement | Annual Report 2012–2013 Anthropological Studies Center | Tel. (707) 664-2381 | Fax. (707) 664-4155 | email us Copyright ©2014 Anthropological Studies Center 
