 EMERGENCY? CALL 911 | Report a Crime | FAQs | Contact the VPD VPD Home About the VPD Strategic Planning Major Policies Initiatives Organization Publications Awards History In Memoriam Community Policing Community Policing Centres Diversity Aboriginal Policing Block Watch Business Liaison Citizens' Crime Watch Community Services Directory City Services Who to Call Youth Sports Outreach Crime Prevention Safety For Individuals For Homes Rental Properties For Businesses Victim Services Services, Units Sections A-Z List of Services Compliments Complaints Crime Maps Crime Statistics Destruction of Fingerprints Fingerprinting Service Freedom of Information Requests Police Records Check Report a Crime Request a Copy of a Police Report Start a Block Watch Victim Services Volunteer Opportunities Search Site Map Contact the VPD Operations Division Patrol District One Patrol District Two Patrol District Three Patrol District Four Traffic Section Emergency Operational Planning Section Emergency Response Section Dog Squad Community Public Affairs Section Media Releases Media Spokespersons Published Freedom of Information Requests Investigation Division Investigative Services Major Crime Section Homicide Unit Missing Persons Unit Robbery / Assault / Arson Unit Organized Crime Section Crime Stoppers Criminal Intelligence Unit Drug Unit Gang Crime Unit Special Investigation Section Domestic Violence Criminal Harassment Unit Sex Crimes Unit Vice Unit Investigative Support Services Forensic Services Section Crime Scene Investigation Unit Forensic Identification Unit General Investigation Section Chronic Offender Unit Crime Analysis Unit Financial Crime Unit General Investigation Unit Identity Theft Unit Property Crime Unit Property Crime Support Unit Youth Services Section Police Community Response Unit School Liaison Unit Youth Services Unit Planning, Research Audit Section Support Services Division Professional Standards Section Recruiting Section Communications Section Information Privacy Unit Join the VPD Vancouver Police Basketball SOCIETY The goal of the not-for-profit Vancouver Police Basketball Society is to foster positive community relationships through the game of basketball. Players are ambassadors for the Vancouver Police Department by promoting teamwork, sportsmanship, camaraderie, physical fitness and fun. It is our desire to show youth there is an alternative to violence, drugs and gangs. The Vancouver Police Basketball Team has been actively involved in the community since the 1950s. We currently participate in dozens of events annually, encompassing as many members of the community as possible. Additionally, we provide support to local teams, leagues and tournaments through the donation of basketballs, uniforms, t-shirts and other equipment. VPD Basketball on CTV's Perry's Prospects Vancouver Police officers from the VPD Basketball Society played teams of students from numerous Vancouver schools in an annual Christmas event at the Roundhouse Community Centre. Approximately 80 students from Grades 2 to 7 took part and enjoyed lunch and a visit from Santa. Competitive Teams VPD Basketball has traditionally fielded competitive basketball teams, both men's and women's. These teams have playyed in competitive leagues locally, World Police Fire Games, and tournaments around Canada and North America. Community Games Throughout the year, the VPD is invited to and attends dozens of games throughout Vancouver and its neighbouring communities. These games range from high school all-star games, Aboriginal tournaments, youth tournaments, and Night Hoops programs. School Games As part of the VPD's Police Athletic League (PAL), basketball players annually participate in fun games at local elementary schools. Additionally, the VPD hosts an annual high school tournament for Vancouver schools. Contact the Vancouver Police Basketball Association Men's Team scott.hyde@vpd.ca School Games brian.hobbs@vpd.ca Community Events john.gravengard@vpd.ca Night Hoops The Vancouver Police Basketball Association is involved with Night Hoops , a program that identifies youth at risk and provides them with an opportunity to play basketball in a safe environment evenings at Vancouver community centers. The Night Hoops organization provides coaches, referees, gym time, uniforms and a schedule of games throughout the season, which culminates in a league championship game. VPD Home | Privacy Statement | Site Map | Contact the VPD to top Official Website of the Vancouver Police Department | City of Vancouver , all rights reserved. 
