 Mount Saint Vincent University Home myMount Student Webmail Moodle WebAdvisor Contact Us Print Page Be A Mount Student Programs Departments Arts Science » Biology Canadian Studies Chemistry Cultural Studies Economics English Family Studies French Gerontology History Mathematics Modern Languages Philosophy Physics Political Studies Psychology Public Policy Religious Studies Sociology/Anthropology Women's Studies See all Arts Science programs Professional Studies » Applied Human Nutrition Business Administration Child and Youth Study Family Studies Gerontology Information Technology Public Relations Science Communication Tourism Hospitality Education » Elementary Secondary Diplomas » Business Administration Information Technology Information Technology Computer Science Tourism Hospitality Graduate Programs » Applied Human Nutrition Child and Youth Study Communication Education Family Studies Gerontology Public Relations Women and Gender Studies Certificates » Distance Learning and Continuing Education » Co-operative Education » Study Abroad Programs » Undergraduate Academic Calendar » Graduate Academic Calendar » Go to main page » Student Services Community Library Alumnae Research About Us Home » Community » Mount Fitness Centre, Athletics Recreation » Varsity Program - Home of the Mystics » Men's Basketball Women's Basketball Men's Basketball Coaching Staff Player Profiles Team Roster Photo Gallery Women's Soccer Men's Soccer Women's Volleyball Dyrick McDermott Invitational Varsity Alumnae News Archives WebCasts Championships Mount Mystics Annual Campaign Photo: 2013-2014 Mount Mystics Men's Basketball Team. Lee Anne Forward Photography Back Row Left to Right: Sean Flemming (Asst. Coach),Dustin Poirier, Ryan MacPhee, Alex Harding, Rene Amit, Mac Ellis, Kenneth Reardon (Asst. Coach), Ian MacRae (Head Coach). Front Row Left to Right: David Boulay, Andrew MacKinnon, Arnar Bjornsson, Corey Hollett, Brandon Doyle,Duan Fournier, Emad Khalek. Missing: Alex LeBlanc 2013-2014 Varsity Tryouts Coaching Staff Schedule (PDF) Photos Player Profiles Results Recruitment Roster Standings Children's Sport Camps Championships Headlines Media Webcasts August 2013 Daily News Press Release August 22, 2013 (Left) Graham Carter, Mount Mystics Alumnae Jan-Sebastian La Pierre Two Halifax kayakers have successfully braved the unforgiving waters of the North Atlantic to paddle more than 175 kilometres from Nova Scotia to Sable Island in what they are describing as a life-changing experience. Read more..... Mount Mystics Alumnae, Luke Reynolds is hoping to be Canada's next sportscaster through a social media contest Gillette Drafted . He said he's received a lot of support from friends, family, and co-workers. (Colin Chisholm). Read story... July 2013 Mount Saint Vincent University Mount Mystics Press Release: Ian MacRae named Head Coach of MSVU Men's Basketball Team. Mount Saint Vincent University is pleased to announce the appointment of Ian MacRae as Head Coach of the MSVU Mount Mystics Men’s Basketball Team. Coach MacRae comes to the Mystics with solid experience, both as a player and coach. Coach MacRae graduated from the Mount in 2001 where he played4 years for the Mount Mystics with past Coach Rick Plato. He had a very successful career as a student athlete and transitioned into coaching as soon as his playing career was over. He was Assistant Coach at the Mount for one year then went on to be the Head Coach of Sexton Campus Men’s Basketball program for three years. Coach MacRae moved on to his alma mater Queen Elizabeth High School (Citadel) where he was Assistant Coach for 6 years with the boys high school program and is now leaving after two years as Head Coach of the very successful Citadel High Girls basketball program. Mount Athletics is thrilled to have secured Ian MacRae to lead the Mount’s men’s basketball program and look forward to what his experience, enthusiasm, and commitmentto the student-athlete experience will add to this established and exciting program. Coach MacRae is a welcomed addition to the coaching staff at MSVU. 166 Bedford Highway, Halifax, Nova Scotia, B3M 2J6 Switchboard: 902-457-6788 Contact Us Website feedback social media hub» Mount Saint Vincent University See our photos on Flickr @MSVU_Halifax Watch us on YouTube Social Media » myMount Student Webmail Moodle Web Advisor Intranet Outlook Remote Access Sitemap Media Centre Campus Security Campus Map Disclaimer ©2013 MSVU Web Design CMS by ISL Web Marketing Development 
