 Home Events Inductees Facility Rental About Fan Club Sponsors News Contact Shop Menu Discover the Legends of Missouri sports and their achievements. “Heroes get remembered, but legends never die.” —Babe Ruth Explore our hands-on exhibits to discover a hidden sporting talent. Discover Your Athletic Talents Everyone will have a winning time when you hold your next big event at our facility. A Winning Event Events Theres always action at the Missouri Sports Hall of Fame that is fun for everyone! Grab your family, grab your friends—just come be a part of whats going on. Inductees Heres the roster of whos made it into the Missouri Sports Hall of Fame. Find your favorite player or team and discover who is a Legend. Shopping You know a true fan always wears their favorite team with pride! Come get a jersey, a hat, a t-shirt, or all three in our shop. Go home in Missouri Sport Style! Home I love to play this game of baseball—I love putting on this uniform.”  —Stan Musial, 1963 It’s the thrill of the game that has fans coming back for more. But it’s the love of the game that pushes athletes to get better. They get up before the sun rises to do football drills, they perfect their curveball pitch long after the sun goes down—and they never stop believing their dream can come true. It’s that dedication that has earned them a spot in the Missouri Sports Hall of Fame, and for some a spot on our Legends Walk of Fame. The Missouri Sports Hall of Fame welcomes you to celebrate the careers of these sports role models and relive the greatest moments in Missouri sports history. Find your favorite player, coach or team on our site, or come to the museum where we have 4,000 items of sports memorabilia and hands-on exhibits. You can feel the speed as you race in the NASCAR simulator, hit your own home run in the batters box against a Major League Baseball pitcher or throw the winning touchdown pass in our football exhibit. Are you ready to play, the ball is in your court! Latest News December 3, 2013 2014 Enshrinement Class Announced by Kari Crawford Missouri Sports Hall of Fame Announced the 2014 Enshrinement Class Thursday, November 21st at a press conference held at the Hall of Fame. View 2014 Enshrinement Flyer Here A total of fifteen inductees and two high school level programs will be inducted into the Missouri Sports Hall of Fame in ceremonies on Sunday, January 26th, Read more August 9, 2013 New MBCA display by msadmin The Missouri Basketball Coaches Association unveiled their new display here at the Missouri Sports Hall of Fame during Enshrinement weekend.  The new display features a plaque showing the dedication of the late Gary Filbert, the names of all their inductees and a trophy showing all of the Missouri Challenge winners. Make sure that you take the time Read more August 9, 2013 Missouri Valley Conference Display by msadmin The Missouri Sports Hall of Fame has created a new display on the second floor of the museum, courtesy of the Missouri Valley Conference.  Walk through time and see how the Missouri Valley Conference has grown since their beginnings in 1907.  Each framed piece represents five year increments in the history of the MVC.  Some highlights Read more Upcoming Events High School Golf Clinic Mar 3, 2014 Lake of the Ozarks Celebrity Golf Classic Apr 14, 2014 Women In Sports Luncheon Apr 24, 2014 St. Louis Celebrity Golf Classic May 5, 2014 Mizzou Alumni Association Golf Tournament May 16, 2014 Summer Oasis Bash Sports Auction Jun 1, 2014 More from the Calendar » Fan Club Join Our Fan Club Become a Fan Our Corporate Sponsors Price Cutter Charity Championship August 710, 2014 PriceCutterCC.org Facility Rental Need an exciting place for your event? Our facility is ideal for birthdays, anniversarieseven a wedding. Book Your Event Today Website Sponsors Home Events Inductees Facility Rental About Fan Club Sponsors News Contact Shop Schilling/Sellmeyer Contact Sports Hall of Fame Google Maps Mailing List Hours Admission MondaySaturday Sunday $5 $3 Free $4 $3 $14 $2/person 
