 Current Students Faculty & Staff Campuses Agricultural Campus (Truro) Halifax Campuses Directory Campus Maps Agricultural Campus (Truro) Carleton Campus (Halifax) Sexton Campus (Halifax) Studley Campus (Halifax) my Dal Dal Online OWL BbLearn Moodle Support student success Support Dal Dalhousie University - Inspiring Minds Skip To Content Information For: Current Students Faculty & Staff Parents Dal and the Community Employers Media Current Students Faculty & Staff Parents Dal and the Community Employers Media About Admissions Academics Campus Life Libraries Research Alumni News & Events Search Dal.ca About Admissions Academics Campus Life Libraries Research Alumni News & Events Search Dal.ca Support Dal Dalhousie Tigers Teams Schedule & Results Tradition of Excellence Fan Zone Information for Athletes Special Events News Home Men's Basketball Teams Men's Basketball 2013-14 Season Preview Schedule Roster Coaching Staff Statistics Photo Gallery Rod Shoveller Tournament Prospective Recruit Form Historical Records 2012-13 Season Review Women's Basketball Men's Cross Country Women’s Cross Country Men's Hockey Women's Hockey Men's Soccer Women's Soccer Men's Swimming Women's Swimming Men's Track & Field Women's Track & Field Men's Volleyball Women's Volleyball Competitive Clubs Dalhousie Rams facebook page for up-to-date news on the team! Men's Basketball The Rick Plato Era: four months in Can Tigers new coach, Rick Plato, give the extra push the Tigers need to make this years AUS playoffs? Tigers 2013 Recap The Tigers now sit at 1-6 after letting multiple games slip out of their fingertips in the dying seconds. CIS basketball action! Welcome to Acadia, Bishops, Saint Marys, StFX and UPEI to the 23rd annual Rod Shoveller Memorial Basketball Tournament, Jan. 2-4. Be sure to come cheer on your favourite teams! Day 1 of the 2014 Shoveller Tigers win tough, gritty game against Bishops 72-64 Day 2 of the Shoveller Smith drains hail mary, Panthers edge Tigers 80-77 Acadia wins the 2014 Shoveller The Acadia Axemen led early and often, and powered their way to an 85-69 win over the Dalhousie Tigers in the final game of the Rod Shoveller Memorial Tournament at the Dalplex on Saturday night. The varsity men’s basketball program is a long-standing sport at Dalhousie University. The team has won three Atlantic University Sport (AUS) championship titles, the most recent at the end of the 2010-11 season. Since the team’s inception, numerous athletes have received recognition for their accomplishments on the court as AUS all-stars and/or Canadian Interuniversity Sport (CIS) all-Canadians. In the classroom many athletes have been distinguished as CIS Academic all-Canadians. Watch home games LIVE! Can't make it to Dalplex? Watch Tigers home games live online! Check our the schedule for the next game. Want another reason to come to a Tigers game? Prizes? Free stuff? Cold, hard cash? Check out the Tigers Fan Zone to find out more. Contact Us Job Opportunities © 1996-2010 Dalhousie University Proud Sponsors Governing Bodies 
