 CBOA Serving Calgary and area since 1952 Home News Calendar Meetings Education Camps Exam Info Novice Officials Clinic Video Evaluation Mentor Program NOCP Junior Development Membership Arbiter Commissioner Photos Downloads Downloads Jan 2014 Downloads Sept 2012 Maps Meetings Newsletters Policies Assignments Assignments 2012 Assignments 2011 Assignments 2010 Assignments 2009 Awards Moodle Scholarships Executive Links Archive 2010 News 2009 News Site Map Hide Menu Click Here. Click to close. Welcome to the website of the Calgary Basketball Officials Association MISSION CBOAs mission is to recruit, train, promote and provide consistent, professional officials to all basketball leagues in Calgary and area. CBOA Officials Selected for ASAA Provincial Championships Congratulations to the following CBOA officials on their selection to the ASAA Provincial Championships 4A Boys:Magrath Dave Bennett, Brenton Pilling, Andrew Peotker, Ian Pollard 4A Girls: Chinook (Lethbridge) Adrienne Raczki, Erica Layton, Pat Cabel, Evan Picton 3A Boys: Churchill (Lethbridge) Rob Izsak, Doran Davidson 3A Girls: Lloydminster Melissa Foltinek, Sasha Eaton 2A Boys: Picture Butte Tan Joseph, Cam Broadhead 2A Girls: Didsbury Laurel Hunt 1A Girls: Clearwater Academy (Calgary) Leslie Todd, Sasha Licina, Joe Lam, Archie McLellan Commissioner's Info 1. Email Please read emails from the assignor all the way to the end. There is usually a response wanted. 2. Arbiter Start using a professional attitude towards your usage of the arbiter. Place blocks in promptly. Family issues such as birthdays and anniversaries need to be put in immediately for the year. Not blocking these events off is not an acceptable excuse this year. Fines could be given out. There needs to be reasons for declines as well as turnbacks. If you have issues with your assignments on the day of the game, YOU MUST PHONE THE ASSIGNOR. 3. Schedules of games start September 9th. Womens Masters league September 11th Womens B league September 13/14/15 Calgary Corporate Challenge September 15/16 Senior Mens league September 16th Senior Womens A league 4. The Senior mens league has expanded and included one more division. They have also included one more venue Vision Academy in the South. Dick Vanderstam Uniform Guidelines for Calgary Senior Mens Basketball CSMBA Uniform Requirements Each team player must wear the same colour of uniform with player number on the front and back Uniforms need to be reversible or teams can have two sets of colours Duplicate player numbers are NOT PERMITTED in any game Before Thanksgiving, if a team does not have a full set of matching uniforms, the opposing team gets ONE pre-game free throw for EACH illegal uniform After Thanksgiving, teams will be allowed ONE player with an illegal uniform as long as it is the team colour. The opposing team will get TWO pre-game free throws NO ADDITIONAL players with illegal uniforms will be allowed to play If a team needs additional players with illegal uniforms to avoid defaulting a game only enough players to field a team of five will be allowed. In this case, the opposing team will get TWO pregame free throws for each uniform violation. The offending team will also be fined $50 REMINDERS Numbers must be permanent tape or otherwise temporary ones are NOT PERMITTED DO NOT SPLIT HAIRS WITH COLOUR if a jersey is CLOSE but not exactly the same shade of the teams colour ALLOW IT unless it could be confused with their opponents colour The scorekeepers are supposed to have a copy of the league rules with them THEY are the FINAL judge as to whether a uniform is allowed or not Remember the goal of the uniform rule is to make sure: o All players have permanent numbers on their front and back o All members of a team have the same coloured uniforms Info From the January 2014 General Meeting The following items are PDF documents of slide presentations made at the January meeting: 1. High School uniforms 2. Catholic Jr High No Zone Rules Click here to download these documents. Sources for Basketball Officials Uniforms Secretary Adrienne says these are the sources she often uses for officials uniforms. Basketball Referee Apparel refshop.com/basketball/ Basketball Referee Uniforms - Ump-Attire www.ump-attire.com/basketball.html HONIG'S Whistle Stop www.honigs-canada.com/ Adrienne will also give you help with sizing and recommendations. Call or email her. ABOA Official Works FIBA Americas Qualifying Tournament Michael Weiland of Calgary is seen here working a game in the FIBA Americas Qualifying Tournament in Venezuela. Click on the photo for a larger image. Latest News Click on this link to see the Latest News Contact Us Click on this link to Contact Us by email Calendar of Events Click on this link to see the monthly Calendar of Events LINKS: ABOA ACAC ASAA Basketball Alberta BasketballRefs.com CABO Canada Basketball CSHSAA CSMBA Canada West EBOA FIBA Team Skyline The Officials Choice Honig's Whistle Stop Officiating.com SABOA You are here Home 2011 Ken Runquist Contact Webmaster 
