 Certified Companies CCKI Accreditation Purpose Benefits Education Training Certification A S M E INTERNATIONAL A W S A WS / ASME CODE CERTIFIED Welder Certification U.S.A. CANADA Most Popular U.S.A. Code Certifications AWS D1.5 State Bridge Code D.O.T. ASME State Boiler B31 Pipe Toll Free PH: 866-685-1118/ FAX: 866-685-1118 WeldingCertified.com No Matter Where You Are We Got You Covered ~ ~ Since 1994 CWT Bureau has Certified Guaranteed CWT Welding, or Inspection and Testing. Certified " Special ~ Inspector Level-III AWS CWI QC-1 ************************** ACCREDITED Since - 1994 KUWAIT @ CAMP ARIFJAN *Welders Certificates Company Certification CCKI CORPORATE CERTIFICATION KEY I NFRASTRUCTURE Frequently Asked Questions ? CERTIFICATION TESTING INDIVIDUAL'S s Accreditation Purpose Benefits Education Training 
 Accessibility | Corporate Website | Sitemap Last Chance to Book... CSWIP Welding Quality Control Co-ordinator - 3-7 March - Aberdeen, UK CSWIP 3.1 Welding Inspector - 3-7 March - Abington, UK Penetrant Testing (PT) - 3-7 March - Middlesbrough, UK BGAS-CSWIP Painting Inspector Grade 2 - 3-7 March - Middlesbrough, UK Manual Phased Array Inspection of Welds - 3-21 March - Middlesbrough, UK BGAS-CSWIP Site Coatings Inspector - 10-14 March - Middlesbrough, UK CSWIP 3.1 Welding Inspector - 10-14 March - Rotherham, UK CSWIP 3.2 Senior Welding Inspector - 10-14 March - Abington, UK CSWIP 3.0 Visual Welding Inspector - 11-12 March - Aberdeen, UK Structural Integrity Assessment and Practical Application of BS 7910 Procedures for the Assessment of Flaws in Metallic Structures - 17-20 March - Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia CSWIP 3.2 Visual Welding Inspector - 17-18 March - Abington, UK CSWIP Visual Welding Inspector - 17-18 March - Port Talbot, UK Magnetic Particle Testing (MT) - 17-21 March - Abington, UK CSWIP 3.0 Plus - Visual Welding Inspector with Practical Module - 24-27 March - Abington, UK BGAS-CSWIP Painting Inspector Grade 2 - 31 March - 4 April - Aberdeen, UK CSWIP 3.2 - Senior Welding Inspector - 10-14 April - Calgary, Canada CSWIP 3.1 - Welding Inspector - 1-5 May - Calgary, Canada Latest News... TWI India‘s Ravi Rajarao among the first to receive new CSWIP examiner certification Diving Inspection – a career insight TWI Aberdeen doubles teaching space to house specialist asset management, corrosion and NDT facilities CSWIP 3.0 Plus - Visual Welding Inspector course with an added Practical Module New Cambridge facility for TWI Training and Examinations US AID funds over 100 managers in power distribution companies to gain essential health and safety training from TWI Pakistan TWI launches new training course to deliver essential competency skills for laser processing Plans to launch underwater welding and inspection training are nearing completion in Azerbaijan TWI’s training, examination and technical support services celebrate healthy growth in India TWI is delighted to announce the launch of NDT training courses in Iraq Search for Scheduled Courses Region: All Regions Africa Australasia Central Asia Indian Subcontinent Mainland Europe Middle East North America South America South East Asia China United Kingdom Country: All Countries Algeria Australia Azerbaijan Bahrain Bangladesh Brunei Cameroon Canada China Egypt India Indonesia Iraq Kuwait Malaysia Nigeria Oman Pakistan Philippines Qatar Saudi Arabia Singapore South Africa South Korea Sri Lanka Sudan Thailand Turkey United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Vietnam Venue: Date Range: Keywords: 2014 TWI Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions | Privacy and Cookies | Customer Complaints Policy 
 About AWS | Login | Register | Contact Services Bookstore Certification Education CommitteesSections Careers WeldingShows Membership Advanced Search Sign In MEMBER # PASSWORD Remember me Lost your password? About AWS Advertising Index American Welder Gear American Welding Online Awards Programs AWS Counselors BSMC Buyers Guide Careers in Welding Certification Conferences Congressional Fellows Consultants Network Contact AWS Staff CWI QuikCheck D1.1 Education FABTECH Forums Foundation Interpretations Inspection Trends IIW Ironworkers' Welder Certification JobsinWelding.com Join AWS Media Kit Memberships Officers PACWI POCWA Press Releases Publications Renew Membership Research Studies RWMA Safety & Health Committee Safety Health Fact Sheets Scholarships Sections S.E.N.S.E. Program Staff Contacts Technical Dept. Welding Bulletin Board WEMCO Welding Handbook Welding Journal ReadMore View More CRC-Evans, Technip Norway sign strategic agreement (Offshore... Read More Holston Gases Acquires Cumberland Welding Supply Co. (Knox N... Read More Demand High for Welders, Supply Lags (Columbus Telegram, NE) Read More Jensen Precast Expands Metal Shop Operations (Reno Gazette J... Read More Work Abundant Locally, Nationally for Merrill Iron Steel (Wa... Read More Ironworkers Provide Solution to Specialized Welding Needs Read More Program Connects Maine's Jobless With Employers (MBPN, ME) Read More High Plains Gas Announces ASME Registered Code Stamp (Busine... Read More Praxair Agrees to Acquire Texas Welders Supply Company (Busi... Read More Welding Journal February Issue Positioners for Welding, Brazing and Soldering, Welding Superalloys Research Papers InspectionTrends Read Winter Issue Choosing a Borescope, Avoiding Rework, and more... Read Free Weld Safely Free download of Z49.1:2012, plus valuable safety resources Safety and Health Home | Services | Bookstore | Certification | Education | Committees | Sections | Careers | Welding Show | Membership | Foundation | Press Room Copyright 2014 American Welding Society | All Rights Reserved Advertise | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use 
 Member Login Home About Company Board of Directors Products Services Tools Careers Visitor Safety Technologies & Capabilities Arc Welding Design, Controls & Automation Friction Processes Testing Services Laser Processing Materials Engineering Modeling & Simulation NDE & Inspection Resistance & Solid-State Processes Soldering and Brazing Structural Integrity Ultrasonic Processes Industries Aerospace Automotive Consumer Goods Defense Heavy Industrial Oil & Gas Energy Rail Centers Additive Manufacturing Consortium EWI Energy Center EWI Nuclear Fabrication Center EWI Rail Manufacturing Technology Center EWI Forming Center Events Membership Contact Home / Home Home North America’s leading organization for manufacturing, welding, and joining innovation. Shaping the future of manufacturing through innovative technology solutions. Highly skilled professionals helping you gain the competitive edge in a rapidly changing manufacturing environment. Engineers Scientists Industry Experts Project Managers Providing engineering support, applied RD, and strategic services to more than 1300 member locations worldwide. More About Membership News Events Popular Posts Last 30 Days Video Gallery Latest News Open Jobs at EWI Posted on Feb 24th, 2014 - By Nicholas Montgomery Continue Reading EWI to Lead New National Lightweighting Institute in Michigan Posted on Feb 24th, 2014 - By Rebecca Gurk Continue Reading Welcome New EWI Member Bayer MaterialScience Posted on Feb 21st, 2014 - By Leah Kohr Continue Reading Should you Solder it or Braze it? Posted on Feb 20th, 2014 - By Steve Massey Continue Reading Learn About Our New Advanced Manufacturing Institute in New York Posted on Feb 17th, 2014 - By Rebecca Gurk Continue Reading Upcoming Events Introduction to Friction Stir Welding (Columbus) March 13, 2014 Fundamentals of Brazing and Soldering (Metro Detroit) March 20, 2014 Fundamentals and Applications of Sheet Metal Forming (Columbus) April 10, 2014 Fundamentals of Welding Engineering (Columbus) May 05, 2014 - May 09, 2014 EWI Member Update and Orientation: Spring 2014 May 15, 2014 Introduction to High Power Ultrasonic Processes (Columbus) June 19, 2014 Friction Stir Welding of 25-mm Thick Steel Brian Thompson At the forefront of research and development in Friction Stir Welding is the successful joining of high melting temperature materials such as steel. Recent studies have report significant costs savings when using FSW to join thicker section steel. While FSW typically travels slower than traditional... Arc Welding Robots – Are You Ready? Steve Massey Welcome New EWI Member – Sierra Lobo Inc. Leah Kohr Where are all the skilled welders? Jeremy Didion Welcome New EWI Member – Nirvana Energy Systems Leah Kohr Welcome New EWI Member – Xiris Leah Kohr Welcome New EWI Member – Doosan Casting and Forging Leah Kohr Welcome New EWI Member – Delphi Electric Systems Leah Kohr Electric Servo-guns for the RSW of Complex Stack-ups Darlene Kerr Manufacturing Innovation for the Common Man – Linear Friction Welding (Part 3 of 8) Jim Tighe View more videos on our YouTube Channel More about EWI Company Products Services Tools Careers Contact I have a question about Events EWI Hosted Events EWI On the Road Events Training Membership Nearby Hotels Id like to learn about Arc Welding Design, Controls Automation Friction Processes Testing Services Laser Processing Materials Engineering Modeling Simulation NDE Inspection Resistance Solid-State Processes Soldering and Brazing Structural Integrity Ultrasonic Processes EWI - Materials Joining, Forming, Testing, Modeling, and Engineering Consulting Services 
 SSL [Sign In] or [Register] You Have 0 Item(s) In Your Cart Search: Course Catalog Admissions Tours Financial Aid Enroll (Registration) Information Housing List Contact Us Top 10 Poster Sparks Stories / Testimonials Video Recognizing Excellence Accreditation Statement Skill Training (Hands on) Technical Training Specialized In-Plant Training Online Courses Registration Safety and Health Contact Us Certification of Welders Procedure Qualifications Performance Qualifications In-Plant and Specialized Training Contact Us DVDs Technical Courses DVDs World of Welding magazine About HIWT | FAQ | Contact Us | Site Map | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use 400 Trade Square East, Troy OH 45373         Phone: 800-332-9448 shopping cart 
 WTIA Home About WTIA President's statements Our Council Annual Reports Privacy policy Contact Us News Membership Become a Member State Divisional Committees New South Wales Division Committee Members Queensland Division Committee Members Victoria and Tasmania Division Committee Members South Australia and Northern Territory Division Committee Members Western Australia Division Committee Members Training Course Timetable Courses leading to IIW Qualification & Certifcation Inspection IIW International Welding Inspector Standard IIW International Welding Inspector Basic Coordination IIW Certified International Welding Engingeer IIW Certified International Welding Technologist IIW International Welding Specialist Design Workshop Series SWT66 SWT 67 SWT68 SWT69 SWT70 SWT71 SWT72 Comprehensive / Standard Courses leading to WTIA Qualification & Certification QC WHS Welding Coordinator - SWT-64 QC Welding Coordinator - SWT73 Other Courses Welding Management to IIW MCS ISO3834 Welding Technology Appreciation for Engineers ASME IX and AS/NZS 3992 Events Calendar of events Pipeline 2014 WTIA Awards 4th IIW Welding Research & Collaboration Colloquium - HOME Technical Services Research Success Stories from the WTIA National Diffusion Networks Project Building and Construction Industry Defence Industry Medical Devices and Sensors Industry Mining Industry Pressure Equipment Industry Rail Industry Road Transport Industry Water Industry SMART TechNet Project Publications Purchase Expert Technology Tools Free Resources ISP Building and Construction ISP Defence ISP Medical Devices ISP Mining ISP Pressure Equipment ISP Rail ISP Road Transport ISP Water Fume Minimisation Guidelines Free download WTIA Other Technical Guidance Notes Free download Click here for more information onIIW International Welding Engineer (IWE) Click here for more information on IIW International Welding Technologist (IWT) WTIA OzWeld 2014 Training Schedule Released! Click here to view the OzWeld SWT 2014 Training Schedule School of Welding Technology Qualificationand Certification IIW Transitional arrangements - second opportunity: click here for further information Events 2014 International Pipeline Courses 4th IIW Welding Research Collaboration Colloquium Membership WTIA Membership is an investment in your future and we have a membership category to suit your needs.Membership offers a broad range of benefits, depending upon the category of membership. Click here for information on becoming a WTIA member Technology Support Centres Need HELP now? Call our HOTLINE on 1800 620 820or Contact a Technical Expert in your State Technical Tools available here HOME CONTACT US | PRIVACY POLICY WTIA 2012 . 
 Index (Last updated 2/22/'14) BBS Words Society Country Other Research Robot Automotive Resistance Welding Companies North America Europe Japan Asia ATek Corp. Data Welder Inc HERON Joyal LORS Machinery, Inc Medar Inc. McCreery MicroJoin Milco NSRW ObaraUSA RSI PTS Welding Technologies Robotron RoMan RWP in Canada RWS Spotco TAFER in Argentina Taylor-Winfield Tec-Option Tipaloy, Inc. Welform WJM Technologies WPC WTC in Canada More in US Alia Technik GmbH in Germany AI Welders in Scotland ALLWELD in Italy ASPA in Poland ATensys in Germany ARO in France in UK Conweld Sp.j. in Poland Coskunoz in Turkey C systmes in France Damien technologies in France ELMATECH in Germany ETS Engineering in Germany FPE Gatwick Fusion in UK Fronius International : DeltaSpot in Austria in Italy GEM welding in Italy in Germany in UK LEAS in Italy. LINGL in Germany Matuschek in Germany NIMAK in Germany pei-point in Italy PTG's Powerstir Friction Stir Welding in UK PW in UK Rotech in Sweden Bosch Rexroth in Germany Savoia in Italy Selcuk Kaynak in Turkey Serra Soldadura in Spain Schlatter AG in Switzerland SAFCO SYSTEMS s.r.l. in Italy Sureweld in UK TECNA in Italy Telwin-Spot in Italy Weldomat in Switzerland Xtodo AB in Sweden More in Europe Chuo Daiden Denyo Kogyo DG ( USA ) Kimura Koyo Giken Panasonic Miyachi Micro Denshi NasToa NADEX OBARA Seiwa Sanki Spotron Tetra-k Yokodai.JP More in Japan ACE ELECTRONICS in Korea Artech Engineering Works in India Arm Welders Chowel in Korea Chyuan Hsing in Taiwan Cometronics Enterprise in Taiwan in Taiwan Hao Thing Electicity Machinery . in Taiwan HERON in China Hyosung in Korea. JIERONG in Taiman Kirti Pressings in India Kriton Weld Equipments in India Nawootec in Korea Mechelonic Egineers in India Pars Paya in Iran Paramount Enterprises in India Powerway Alloy in China R.K.Cable Corporation in India Mechelonic Welders in India S.S.Controls in India Sunke in China SONGXING in China TSM in Malaysia Will-Best in China Wei Tien Welder in Taiwan in Taiwan More in Asia What's New? Top 2/22/'14 Fronius International : Fronius developed a new method of resistance spot welding especially for aluminum. This process is called DeltaSpot and uses indexing process tapes http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-amPG_FxUXo http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_MYIG3v0_ks http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dxt3P509Ij4 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZNvAq27F54Q http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vc0LBQzhSP8 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vc0LBQzhSP8 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uFVKHUCpUBc 2/3/'14 SMK Co., Ltd. has the electrode for resistance welding in Japan. 2/2/'14 Yamada-Spot Corporation has Projection nut detecting equipment for spot welding in Japan. 9/5/'13 Yokodai.JP has the microspot weld system in Japan. 8/6/'13 Alia Technik GmbH has resistance welding controls, inverter and transformer in Germany. 7/31/'13 ETS Engineering is a specialist in the field of Resisitance Welding Tip Dressers. ETS Engineering products are aimed at the quality, techical precision welding processes for BIW application in Germany. 7/19/'13 LEAS has the resistance welding controls and transformers in Italy. 7/3/'13 PTG's Powerstir Friction Stir Welding machines are used by leading organisations in the Russian space industry and are also by the Chinese high speed rail network to weld 30 metre rail carriages for China's growing high speed rail network. 5/31/'13 Sunke : Tianjin business limited company of equipment of numerical control specialized in resistance welding power source ( controller, transformers ) and resistance welding technology research and development, manufacturing and engineering services, has more than twenty years of history and experience. in China. 2/21/'13 Powerway Alloy is a leading company which specialized in researching, developing and manufacturing high performance copper alloy materials and resistance welding materials in China. Chromium-zirconium-copper is a national patented product independently developed by Powerway, which with features of high strength and high conductivity is widely used in the automotive, welding, space navigation, metallurgy and IC support lead materials. 6/12/'12 Hyosung has Resistance welding machine in Korea. 3/11/'12 Arm Welders Pvt. Ltd. in India. 1/11/'12 R.K.Cable Corporation is one of the leading manufacturer of secondary cables for portable spot welding machine in India. 1/9/'12 Denyo Kogyo has for Resistance welding, gun, Stationary Spot Denyo Kogyo websit for the Products. 1/7/'12 C systmes for Resistance welding , spot, projection and seam welding equipments from microwelding to large scale. C systmes specialises in the conception and manufacturing of manual, half automatic and fully automatic assembling machines and lines, mainly in resistance welding, resistance brazing, laser welding micro arc technology. C systmes is located in France West ( Bordeaux )and East ( Lyon ) Offices. 1/6/'12 ELMATECH has 10kHz welding Gun in Germany 1/2/'12 EBTEC has Welding and Laser Cutting Services in USA. 5/5/'11 Kriton Weld Equipments Pvt. Ltd. has the resistance welding equipments in India. 5/2/'11 2012 weldingshow in Osaka . 11/2/'10 SAFCO SYSTEMS s.r.l. RESITANCE WELDING CONTROLLERS INVERTERS SINCE 1962!! AS SCOFIMA SYSTEMS NAME CHANGED IN 2003 TO SAFCO SYSTEMS SRL in Italy. 10/1/'10 ACE Electronics Co has Resistance Welding Controller in Korea. 3/18/'10 Welding Jobs , we specialise in bringing job seekers and employers together in the UK. 3/8/'10 Xtodo AB represent MacGregor Welding Systems Ltd, throughout Norway, Sweden, Finland and Denmark. MacGregor Welding Systems offer a very comprehensive and competitive range of precision micro joining products and solutions in Sweden. 3/8/'10 NC Department of Power Machinery Co., Ltd. has the table spot welder in China. 3/8/'10 TianJin TianDa Cutting Welding Equipment and Technology Co., Ltd. has the table spot welders in China. 3/5/'10 Antech Electronics Limited is a dedicated welding equipment manufacturer which uses five-axis machining centre (close loop control) in the production of major components of welding equipment in China. 1/11/'10 Will-Best Precision Welding Machine Co., Ltd. is the leading manufacturer of precision welding machines such as Spot Welder，Spot Weld Head, Welding Power Supply, Weld Checkers Monitors, etc.. It has been always dedicating itself to the research of precision resistance welding worldwide. 12/31/'09 GoWelding.Org is all about welding. Some of the subjects covered are Stick Welding , TIG Welding , MIGWelding , FCAW , Welding Certification . 12/18/'09 Trinity NDT Engineers , A leading Quality Testing services company offering Nondestructive testing NDT Inspection services, Fitness for service Inspections, NDT training consultancy Services in ultrasonic testing,Liquid Penetrant testing,Radiographic testing,Magnetic particle testing,Ultrasonic thickness gauging,NDT welding training and certification services in India. 11/22/'09 Paramount Enterprises , We are one of the manufacturers of spot welding spares consumables in India. 10/31/'09 Micro Denshi Co.,Ltd . in Japan 7/26/'09 Changer Dresser Corp. as the North American division of Kyokutoh. 6/30/'09 EVERLAST Inverter TIG MIG ARC Welder Sales Service - IGBT Welding Machines , multi-purpose welders welding equipment and plasma cutters Pulse Dc AC/DC AC DC Stick Digital Display Aluminum Stainless, TIG Plasma Cutter Inverter MIG Welders Regulators in US. 6/14/'09 Data Welder Inc. Welder Repair Specialist in US. 5/5/'09 Ambika Enterprises is the leading manufacturer of superior quality industrial brushes for a broad range of applications. 2/21/'09 Wire Mesh ,We offer expanded metal made from sheets of solid metals that all are slit and stretched with each stroke of the upper die, forming a raised diamond pattern. 1/21/'09 WeldingMedia.com started on Jan 6, 2009 to bring together welders and all welding professionals worldwide. 1/17/'09 MICRO MESH (INDIA) Pvt. Ltd. Micro Mesh has ability to manufacture all types of wire mesh from finest Micronics filter cloth to the heaviest precrimped screens. 1/17/'09 LINGL Schweisstechnik GmbH , LINGL Specialized in micro resistance welding. 11/28/'08 Western Titanium is one of the largest titanium distributors in North 11/3/'08 Conweld Sp.j. We are the Polish manufacturer of welding consumables used for resistance welding, mainly in automotive industry in Poland. Our scope of delivery covers: welding electrodes, holders, manual and robot gun arms, seam wheels, projection electrodes, tungsten electrodes and special solutions. 10/28/'08 Gf Welding S.p.A. has resistance welding controls, transformers, Guns in Italy. 1 0/27/'08 DEM (Disseny Estudi i Mecanitzaci, S.L) has Electrodes, Accessories and Special Jig in Spain. 9/8/'08 TSM Welding Technology Sdn. Bhd. Provide Best Resistance Welding Facilities, Service And Technical Know-How in Malaysia. 8/4/'08 ipec has the resistance welder for repair in Japan. 8/4/'08 Dakota Japan has the Ultrasonic Spot welds Inspection Systems in Japan. 5/23/'08 TOYO has provided a variety of metal, glass and ceramics precision parts produced by several photo fabrication technologies in Japan. 5/23/'08 SHINKOKIKI Co.,Ltd has resistance welding equipment in Japan. 5/23/'08 Dakota Japan has the sound solution in Japan. 2/12/'08 MIKRONTAS Metal-Makina San. Tic. Ltd. Sti. has resistance welding equipments in Turkey. 2/1/'08 Trend Robotics - Buy Robot Parts, Teach Pendants, Servo Amps, Power Supplies and more! 12/17/'07 Amsterdam Technology bv ,We are a new (2006) Nondestructive Testing company and we have developed a new type of handheld ultrasonic Mini Scanner for detailed inspection of resistance welds. It was originally designed for spot weld testing of car bodies but now a lot of other (resistance welding) applications are found. 10/14/'07 TAFER , Over 50 years of experience in Resistance Welding Machines, covering the whole design and manufacturing of both special purpose and standard welder, spot, projection, seam and butt types in Argentina. 8/5/'07 S.S.Controls is a leading manufacturer of Resistance Spot / Seam / Projection Welding Controls in India. 7/1/'07 WJM Technologies is a one-stop shop for your metal and ceramic joining needs including consulting, training, and job-shop services.ﾊ We provide clients with a complete solution for material joining issues including consulting, training and job-shop services for a variety of metal and ceramic joining processes such as Resistance Welding , Arc Welding, Laser Welding, Ultrasonic Welding, and Soldering/Brazing. 3/24/'07 Selcuk Kaynak Makina Fikstur has standard spot,resistance and seam welding machines in Turkey. 3/19/'07 COSKUNOZ is a market leader in tool manufacturing, stampings, assemblies and resistance welding machines in Turkey. 2/15/'07 Shenzhen Greenbird Technology Co., Ltd. has the inverter welding in China. 2/5/'07 Tokyo Hi-max has Micro resistance welding in Japan. 1/19/'07 H. A. Schlatter AG is one of the world's leading manufacturers of electric resistance welding systems, from stand-alone machines to complete production lines in Switzerland. 1/19/'07 amazon.co,jp resistance welding gooks What's New? Back Number What's New 1-12/'06 What's New 1-12/'05 What's New 1-12/'04 What's New 1-12/'03 What's New 8-12/'02 What's New 1-7/'02 What's New 8-12/'01 What's New 2-7/'01 What's New 11-1/'01 What's New 5-8/'00 What's New 3-4/'00 What's New 1-2/'00 What's New 1-2/'00 What's New 9/'99 What's New 6-8/'99 What's New 4-5/'99 What's New 3/'99 Country Top In USA In Europe In Japan In Asia In Other Research of Resistance Welding Top LUSENET CWB EVERLAST Inverter TIG MIG ARC Welder Sales Service - IGBT Welding Machines , multi-purpose welders welding equipment and plasma cutters Pulse Dc AC/DC AC DC Stick Digital Display Aluminum Stainless, TIG Plasma Cutter Inverter MIG Welders Regulators in US. GoWelding.Org is all about welding. Some of the subjects covered are Stick Welding , TIG Welding , MIGWelding , FCAW , Welding Certification . Evaluation Spot Welding with Ultra Sonic ( ) in Japan Satonaka Shinobu He is Kumamoto University Memjet Sybersteel for welding site in US^ Resistance welding STD ﾊ in se Resistance Welding Tech Cell of FMA (Fabricators Manufacturers Association) provides the tools and resources needed by companies to improve operations. Quality Control of Resistance Welding by David Creech has Update Technology is the good consultant of Resistance Welding in US. Contact: dcbacon@updatetechnology.com, Formal training and troubleshooting of automotive resistance weldingﾊapplications in USA Welding Jobs , we specialise in bringing job seekers and employers together in the UK. Weldsite.com WeldSmert -Edward Green is Resistance welding Specialist Syllabus ) Welding Procedures and Techniques . Our engineers specialize in solving welding engineering problems, weld failure analysis, eliminating weld defects, soldering, brazing, expert witness services, and developing welding procedures. Welding.com is very good weiding information web site. WeldingChat.com , our site for Welding discussion. Steel Ynx liens internet Serebella.com , Articles related to Science, Technology, Welding Robot Top HYUNDAI ROBOTICS OF NORTH AMERICA is a robotics company focused on manufacturing solutions with all-in-one-robotics packages in US Robotics Society (by Nii Robotics Research in Japan KUKA in Germany Yaskawa in Japan FANUC in Japan NACHI in Japan in Japan ABB in Sweden RWT (Robotic Workspace Technologies, Inc.) in US robots4welding.com , we are located in the United States Robotworx is a turnkey integrator specializing in new and used welding robots. Szabo Publishing new resistance weld book on operator safety includes robots RSI Technology is your automation and robotics solutions partner in US. Nondestructive testing Top Amsterdam Technology bv ,We are a new (2006) Nondestructive Testing company and we have developed a new type of handheld ultrasonic Mini Scanner for detailed inspection of resistance welds. It was originally designed for spot weld testing of car bodies but now a lot of other (resistance welding) applications are found. Our company in The Netherlands. Olympus NDT is a world leading manufacturer of innovative nondestructive testing instruments that are used in industrial and research applications ranging from aerospace, energy and automotive to consumer products. Kensagijyutuskenkyujyo has Ultrasonic testing in Japan. GE Inspection Technologies brands include Agfa NDT, Hocking NDT, Krautkramer and Seifert. Recently we have added Everest VIT's Remote Visual Inspection products and services to our portfolio. JUST has Ultrasonic testing in Japan. Dia Electronics Application Co., Ltd. has Ultrasonic testing in Japan. Dakota Japan has the sound solution. T.M.Instruments Co. Ltd. has Ultrasonic testing in Japan. Trinity NDT Engineers , A leading Quality Testing services company offering Nondestructive testing NDT Inspection services, Fitness for service Inspections, NDT training consultancy Services in ultrasonic testing,Liquid Penetrant testing,Radiographic testing,Magnetic particle testing,Ultrasonic thickness gauging,NDT welding training and certification services in India. Krautkramer Japan Co., Ltd. has Ultrasonic testing in Japan. Ryoden Shonan Electronics has Ultrasonic testing in Japan. Other Top ABB Semiconductors AG has the high current diodes (7kA) for resistance welding Ambika Enterprises is the leading manufacturer of superior quality industrial brushes for a broad range of applications in India. Changer Dresser Corp. as the North American division of Kyokutoh. EBTEC has Welding and Laser Cutting Services in USA. EEV Limited Eupec has in Germany GEC (The General Electric Company, p.l.c.) in UK GEC Electronics ( GEC Plessey = Mitel Semiconductors in US Mitel Semiconductors Microsemi Corporation. in US Mitsubishi Power Device Naina Semiconductor Ltd. has Diodes,Thyristors, Modules,Bridge rectifiers etc for Resistance Welding in India. in Japan Powerex, Inc. in US Richardson Electronics, Ltd. in US ( Semiconductor ) Semikron is Semiconductor's maker in Germany WeldingMedia.com started on Jan 6, 2009 to bring together welders and all welding professionals worldwide. Westcode Semiconductors Ltd. have Power Semiconductor products in UK Western Titanium is one of the largest titanium distributors in North Wire Mesh ,We offer expanded metal made from sheets of solid metals that all are slit and stretched with each stroke of the upper die, forming a raised diamond pattern. Finuchem ( BBR , Cimlec , FTS, Bema , Tenwhil, Languepin , Robokeep, DPC,) in France. CIMLEC INDUSTRIE in France Hokuto in japan Kyokutoh has Tip Doresser in Japan. Ai-esu Corporation has Tip Doresser in Japan. kontakanahtari.com : Automobile, Motorsports and Social Networking in Turkey nagai@tcp-ip.or.jp 
 Subscription Free sample Advertising Contact DVS-Publishing Editorial Board Editorial plan Instructions for authors ABC of Joining Imprint Data protection 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 1 Editorial Events From Companies National Pages News Publications Regular Features Reports Specialist Articles Welding Practice - Advertisement - - About Welding and Cutting magazine - An English language technical journal covering welding, cutting and soldering technology and related fields, Welding and Cutting is published by DVS, the German Welding Society , in collaboration with The Welding Institute , United Kingdom and the Institut de Soudure Front Cover Welding and Cutting 13 (2014) [1] 1 Regular Features Advertisement International Comparison of Steels Welding and Cutting 13 (2014) [1] 2 Regular Features Welding and Cutting 13 (2014) [1] 3-4 Editorial Welding and Cutting 13 (2014) [1] 5 Editorial Contents Welding and Cutting 13 (2014) [1] 6-7 Regular Features Welding and Cutting 13 (2014) [1] 8 News Study shows resilience of joining technology in Europe Welding and Cutting 13 (2014) [1] 8-9 News Welding and Cutting 13 (2014) [1] 10 News DVS-TV news now in the English language too Welding and Cutting 13 (2014) [1] 10 News Advertisement voestalpine Böhler Welding GmbH Wien/A Welding and Cutting 13 (2014) [1] 11 Regular Features Welding and Cutting 13 (2014) [1] 12 News Stable outlook for the European steel industry Welding and Cutting 13 (2014) [1] 12 News Conferences and Exhibitions Welding and Cutting 13 (2014) [1] 13 News 50 years of Steigerwald Strahltechnik Welding and Cutting 13 (2014) [1] 14-15 From Companies Getting a complete handle on quality Welding and Cutting 13 (2014) [1] 16-18 From Companies Arc Machines’ know-how is fertile ground for GrowHow Welding and Cutting 13 (2014) [1] 18-19 From Companies Welding and Cutting 13 (2014) [1] 19 From Companies AWL-Techniek laser welds tracks for car seats Welding and Cutting 13 (2014) [1] 20 From Companies Welding and Cutting 13 (2014) [1] 21 News; Short Messages Welding and Cutting 13 (2014) [1] 21 News; Short Messages Welding and Cutting 13 (2014) [1] 21 News; Short Messages On the road to robotics Welding and Cutting 13 (2014) [1] 21-22 News; Short Messages Fibre-coupled, multi-bar module Welding and Cutting 13 (2014) [1] 22 News; Products Welding and Cutting 13 (2014) [1] 22 News; Short Messages Welding and rigging gloves Welding and Cutting 13 (2014) [1] 22 News; Products New features for cutting software Welding and Cutting 13 (2014) [1] 23 News; Products Welding and Cutting 13 (2014) [1] 23 News; Products Multi-process welder Welding and Cutting 13 (2014) [1] 23 News; Products Letter to the editor Welding and Cutting 13 (2014) [1] 24 Welding Practice Welding and Cutting 13 (2014) [1] 24-25 Welding Practice Welding and Cutting 13 (2014) [1] 25 Welding Practice “wire & Tube 2014“ open their doors in April Welding and Cutting 13 (2014) [1] 26-27 Events 27th International Colloquium Plastics Technology Welding and Cutting 13 (2014) [1] 26-27 Events Welding and Cutting 13 (2014) [1] 28-29 Reports Welder training across borders Welding and Cutting 13 (2014) [1] 30 National Pages; Information from the DVS Welding and Cutting 13 (2014) [1] 30 National Pages; Information from the DVS Changes in the management of DVS Welding and Cutting 13 (2014) [1] 31 National Pages; Information from the DVS DVS Practical Workshop at Fronius Welding and Cutting 13 (2014) [1] 31 National Pages; Information from the DVS The Eskom Weld Rule Book Welding and Cutting 13 (2014) [1] 32-33 Reports Welding and Cutting 13 (2014) [1] 34-38 Reports Editorial Welding and Cutting 13 (2014) [1] 39 National Pages; WJS News Nearing the Diamond Jubilee of Stan Rowden FWeldI Welding and Cutting 13 (2014) [1] 40 National Pages; WJS News Welding and Cutting 13 (2014) [1] 40-41 National Pages; WJS News First for UK Welding Engineer Welding and Cutting 13 (2014) [1] 41-42 National Pages; WJS News Northumbria Branch Welding and Cutting 13 (2014) [1] 42 National Pages; WJS News Ossenbrink, Ralf Michailov, Vesselin Sasse, Ina Schleuß, Leander Welding and Cutting 13 (2014) [1] 43-47 Specialist Articles Süleymanov, Niyameddin Bartout, Driss Welding and Cutting 13 (2014) [1] 48-51 Specialist Articles Reisgen, Uwe Olschok, Simon Mavany, Michael Laser/GMA hybrid welding with the aid of low-energy arcs Welding and Cutting 13 (2014) [1] 52-57 Specialist Articles The art of welding Welding and Cutting 13 (2014) [1] 58 Publications; Books Pipeline rules of thumb handbook Welding and Cutting 13 (2014) [1] 58 Publications; Books List of companies in the advertisement section / Imprint Welding and Cutting 13 (2014) [1] 58 Regular Features Advertisement Bundled DVS Technical Codes Welding and Cutting 13 (2014) [1] 59 Regular Features Advertisement DVS-TV Welding and Cutting 13 (2014) [1] 60 Regular Features You are not logged in Username: Password: - Anzeige - Page 1 Page 2 Page 3 Page 4 Page 5 Page 6 Page 7 Page 8 Page 9 Page 10 Page 11 Page 12 Page 13 Page 14 Page 15 Page 16 Page 17 Page 18 Page 19 Page 20 Page 21 Page 22 Page 23 Page 24 Page 25 Page 26 Page 27 Page 28 Page 29 Page 30 Page 31 Page 32 Page 33 Page 34 Page 35 Page 36 Page 37 Page 38 Page 39 Page 40 Page 41 Page 42 Page 43 Page 44 Page 45 Page 46 Page 47 Page 48 Page 49 Page 50 Page 51 Page 52 Page 53 Page 54 Page 55 Page 56 Page 57 Page 58 Page 59 Page 60 
 Order Literature Contact Us Miller Electric Products Where To Buy Service Resources Industries Interests About Us Our Company Follow Us Miller History Trade Shows News Releases Employment Site Help MIG (GMAW) Advanced MIG Sys. Fume Extraction TIG (GTAW) Multiprocess Induction Heating Stick (SMAW) Multioperator Generators Engine-Driven Submerged Arc Metal Cutting Wire Feeders Automation Spot Welders Helmets Welding Protection Workstations Consumables Accessories Guns Torches Service Parts Industrial System Builder Help Me Choose New Products Online Store Gifts Merch Special Offers Enter your ZIP code: Register Your Product Owner's Manual Parts List Owners Club Welding Cutting Safety Articles (Tech, How-To, Success) Improving Your Skills Business Tools Video Library Miller News Discussion Forums Resources for Sale Email Newsletters Fun Stuff Follow Us Welding Calculators Manufacturing Racing, Customizing, Restoring Heavy Equipment Welding Projects Fabrication Aluminum Systems Construction Farm Ranch Work Trucks Welding Instructors Miller News Discussion Forums Email Newsletters Education Home Education Applied Welding Articles Applied Welding archives and discover why people are turning to The Power of Blue Search for articles based on a specific topic or browse our entire collection. Welding Application Aluminum Welding Automation Aviation Construction Cross Country Pipeline Fabrication Farm/Ranch Field Maintenance/Repair Heavy Equipment Heavy Plate High Deposition Home/Hobby In-plant Maintenance/Repair Industrial Projects Manufacturing Mechanical Contracting Metal Art/Sculpture Motorsports (car, truck, bike, etc.) Other alloys Pipe Fabrication Rental Robotics/Automation Schools/Training Semi-Automation Ship/Boat Stainless Steel Welding Weld Monitoring/Information Welding Projects Welding Category Air Carbon Arc Gouging Engine Driven/Generator Flux Cored/Metal Cored Fume Extraction Heavy Equipment Helmets & Welding Protection Induction Heating MIG Multioperator Multiprocess (CC/CV) Parts & Accessories Plasma Cutting Pulsed MIG Pulsed TIG Regulated Metal Deposition (RMD) Stick Submerged Arc TIG Key Business Issues Applications Continuous Improvement Energy Efficiency Improving Weld Quality Increasing Productivity Justifying New Equipment Operator Efficiency/Welder Shortage Operator Safety Operator Training Portability Product Selection Quality/Productivity Reducing Downtime Reducing Weld Costs Safety Space Savings System Set-up and Troubleshooting The Business of Welding Search by Keyword: View All Articles Get Connected Subscribe to Miller eNewsletters Join the Miller Owners Club Stay Connected Home Products Where to Buy Service Resources Industry Interests About Us Partner Login International Site Help Privacy Policy Terms of Use 
 Research Group of Welding Modeling in Penn State 
 Smart questions Smart answers Smart people Find A Forum Find An Expert Join Directory Search Tell A Friend Whitepapers Jobs INTELLIGENT WORK FORUMS FOR ENGINEERING PROFESSIONALS Member Login Username or Email Password Remember Me Forgot Password? Join Us! Come Join Us! Are you an Engineering professional? Join Eng-Tips now! Talk With Other Members Be Notified Of Responses To Your Posts Keyword Search One-Click Access To Your Favorite Forums Automated Signatures On Your Posts Best Of All, It's Free! *Eng-Tips's functionality depends on members receiving e-mail. By joining you are opting in to receive e-mail. Indeed Jobs what job title, keywords where city, state, zip jobs by LINK TO THIS FORUM! Add Stickiness To Your Site By Linking To This Professionally Managed Technical Forum. BBCode Welding, Bonding & Fastener engineering forum at Eng-Tips Markdown MediaWiki a href="http://www.eng-tips.com/threadminder.cfm?pid=725"Welding, Bonding & Fastener engineering Forum at Eng-Tips Eng-Tips LinkedIn Group Join our LinkedIn Group! Hook up with past and present colleagues and classmates quickly. Partner With Us! Best Of Breed Forums Add Stickiness To Your Site Feedback More... Geography Click Here To Find Out! Eng-Tips Shirts! Get your Eng-Tips Forums SWAG here! Home Forums Structural Engineers Activities Welding, Bonding & Fastener engineering Forum (26938 members) forum725 Forum Search FAQs Links Jobs Whitepapers MVPs 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Start New Thread clee61 (Structural) 2 replies 25 Feb 14 (20 Feb 14) Placing wedge anchors next to abandoned anchors. NX687 (Mechanical) 6 replies 24 Feb 14 (20 Feb 14) Bolt Lube Rcommendation (4) Mohamedhassanmido (Materials) 9 replies 22 Feb 14 (17 Feb 14) RT for welding pipe to flange Randyatryan (Industrial) 3 replies 21 Feb 14 (21 Feb 14) Sa213 T-23 Tube material dieselofdog (Materials) 17 replies 21 Feb 14 (17 Feb 14) PWHT Heating and Cooling rates PNo 6 Group 4 cjevans (Structural) 3 replies 20 Feb 14 (17 Feb 14) AWS D1.3 welding procedure saruncivil (Structural) 2 replies 19 Feb 14 (19 Feb 14) Slotted holes to be taken in plate or in member. fsincox (Aerospace) 10 replies 18 Feb 14 (31 Jan 14) Tangless helical screw thread inserts, any negatives? cjevans (Structural) 0 replies 18 Feb 14 (18 Feb 14) Welding Qualification ranges AWS D1.3 mmolt (Mechanical) 9 replies 14 Feb 14 (11 Feb 14) Basic aluminum weldment standard RatsepAndre (Mechanical) 19 replies 14 Feb 14 (15 Nov 13) Welding inspection thread (8) DasKleineWunder (Civil/Environmental) 8 replies 13 Feb 14 (6 Feb 14) How long do stainless steel welds last? ornerynorsk (Industrial) 4 replies 7 Feb 14 (6 Feb 14) Has anyone used a Multiplaz? wadavis (Structural) 2 replies 5 Feb 14 (5 Feb 14) Out of Plane Tolerance of Bolted Plate abhijeetkatkar (Mechanical) 4 replies 2 Feb 14 (31 Jan 14) Welding Symbol ape2010 (Structural) 2 replies 31 Jan 14 (28 Jan 14) Design a curved crawl beam gpdm (Petroleum) 4 replies 29 Jan 14 (23 Jan 14) PTA Hardfacing 4330V bigcountry187 (Mechanical) 0 replies 29 Jan 14 (29 Jan 14) CSA W47.1 Figure 33 Question Melas85 (Marine/Ocean) 19 replies 25 Jan 14 (19 Jan 14) Fabrication Workmanship during Fit-Up (4) Marcus388 (Mechanical) 11 replies 23 Jan 14 (20 Jan 14) TIG Welding Heat Transfer Question 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Start A New Thread Posting in the Eng-Tips forums is a member-only feature. Click Here to join Eng-Tips and talk with other members! Join | Indeed Jobs Advertise | About Us | Contact Us | Site Policies Copyright 1998-2014 Tecumseh Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized reproduction or linking forbidden without express written permission. Close Box Join Eng-Tips Today! Join your peers on the Internet's largest technical engineering professional community. It's easy to join and it's free. Here's Why Members Love Eng-Tips Forums: Talk To Other Members Notification Of Responses To Questions Favorite Forums One Click Access Keyword Search Of All Posts, And More... Register now while it's still free! Already a member? Close this window and log in. Join Us Close 
 
 Close Ad GTAW SMAW BLUEPRINTS SPECIAL APPS ELECTRODE GUIDE PROJECTS SOFTWARE METAL IDENTIFICATION WELD TESTING LINKS MY OTHER SITES EMAIL ADVERTISING PAGE BLOGMATTERS WEEBLE CTJNG 
 WTTI Store » Welder Training and Testing Institute For 42 years, Welder Training Testing Institute (WTTI) has offered students the necessary occupational training and certifications that can lead to employment in the welding field. WTTI is accredited by the Accrediting Commission of Career Schools and Colleges (ACCSC) and licensed by the Pennsylvania State Board of Private Licensed Schools. Home About WTTI Our History Our Facilities Directions Contact List Enroll Program or Course How Do I Enroll Student Application Student Services Welding as a Career Career Placement Housing Safety Statistics HEA Compliance Schedules Full Time/Part Time Start/End Date Financial Aid Financial Aid FAFSA Online Certification Testimonials Request Information If you would like to receive information on the Welding School, simply click on the link below and the School Administrator will contact you. To REQUEST INFORMATION » Employers If you are an employer looking to hire qualified welders, consider using WTTI's employer database to post your job openings. Post JOB OPENINGS » WTTI tel fax 610-820-0271 contact list » contact by email » Main Office located on North Godfrey St. directions, restaurants, hotels » google driving directions » Mailing Address 729 East Highland Street Allentown, PA 18109 Accredited programs Welder Fitter Program Combination Welding Program Practical Shop Welding Program General Shop Welding Program Courses and training Standard Welding Course Advanced Welder Qualification - Pipe Gas Tungsten Arc Welding Course Gas Metal Arc Welding Course Flux Cored Arc Welding Course Specialized Training WTTI’S other divisions WTTI Industrial Services Division The WTTI INDUSTRIAL site » NDT Institute The NDT INSTITUTE site » Home | Site Map 
 Home Processes Weldability Applications Testing Welding Design Welding Sources Welding Data Welding Research Contact Us Flash LOOKING FOR WELDING SOLUTIONS - CONTACT Profile of Dr. K.G.K.Murti Andhra University . BTech in Mechanical Engineering from Indian Institute of Technology , Madras. M Tech in Metal joining from Indian Institute of Technology , Madras. More.. More.. More.. toolbar powered by Conduit 2008 Webmasters Welding For All Pvt Ltd | All Rights Reserved 
 find jobs what where job title, keywords or company city, state or zip advanced job search 1,585 new jobs in the USA over the last 7 days Popular searches: combo welder entry level entry level welder pipe welder rig welder stick welder structural welder weld welder welder fabricator more... Top employers: adecco aerotek aerotek commercial hostess brands kelly services randstad republic services stand-by personnel tractor supply compa... trillium jobs more... Still searching? Try browsing by state or try our sister site(s) for Construction . about | post jobs (0.326/18/0.024/divjobs2) Job Search Alert Create job alert 
 Go Welding.Org Welding Information and Guides! Welding and Information About Different Types of Welding Stick Welding TIG Welding MIG Welding Flux Cored Arc Welding Go Welding.Org is all about welding! The welding information on this site is about the four most common types of welding processes and how to become a certified welder. The welding processes this site is focused on are: These are the types of welding processes that are taught in welding schools and are used in the majority of industries from ship building to nuclear power plant construction. If you have any doubts just search any employment ads for welding jobs or visit a welding supply store! Many of the subjects covered here are not even found in text books, online, or in welding schools. This is detailed information I wrote down and took pictures to reference too while working and becoming a certified welder again. It comes down to the small details that you learn while welding that make a big difference. I will always be adding more information as my career moves on. While writing much of the content I have been lucky enough to get advice from some of the best welders in the field. A lot of the advice on here is also what I learned from welders that have literally mastered and perfected their skills to the highest level! So far this is only the beginning of this site and one day hope to make it a place where you will be able to find anything you need related to welding. Finally, if you like this site and have found it really helpfull tell your friends, teachers or anyone who can use by linking to it and spreading the word or just add your vote with the Google button on the left .! I am just one person and any help that I can get is more then welcome... Learning How to Weld Online For anyone interested in learning how to weld, your best bet is to sign up for a welding class! Everything else is just a guideline (including this site)! Welding is learned through hands-on training and practice. That being said, there are no DVD’s, videos, books, or websites that can teach you how to weld without real life practice. It’s just like driving a car! You will only learn by getting the right information and then spending a lot of time behind the wheel. Welding is a Very Highly Skilled Trade and takes 1000's of hours to learn. Anyone who can master and perfect this skill can easily make a doctor's salary or more! Even as I am writing this in a down economy and being a high school drop out; I am earning close to $40 an hour and have the option to work all of the overtime I want! Then there are others who travel overseas who are making mid six figure salaries. No other construction skill pays as much because no other skill is as difficult to learn. If you want to learn how to weld, again I would strongly advise anyone to sign up for a welding class. Save yourself the time and money on videos and the so called “learn how to weld online courses”! When searching for a Welding School you should always ask if they also offer AWS welding certifications , or better yet, contact the Hobart Institute of Welding Technology at www.welding.org or get into a NCCER training program !  If you want to find a local welding school or need to take a welding certification, go to the right source and try the AWS School Locator www.aws.org/w/sense/ . This is the best place to find local welding schools and training centers! What is Welding? Welding is nothing more than the art of joining metals together. By comparison, wood is joined by nails, bricks are held together with mortar; metal is joined by welding! What makes welding such a big deal is that the world’s infrastructure depends on it! Everything you touch everyday that is made of metal is most likely welded in one form or another. It is one of the most valuable technologies that played a huge part in the industrial revolution, and is the back bone to the world’s militaries. Welding today is comprised of three main ingredients wich are required to join metals together. An electrical power source to produce an arc. Some form of shielding to protect the weld from the air. Filler material to fill the weld joint. The ways these three ingredients work together are: First, the weld area needs to be shielded from any air around it. This is important because oxygen and other gasses in the air make welds brittle and porous. Second, is the electricity to produce an arc. An electrical arc melts metal in fractions of a second and is hot enough to melt any known metal! Finally, the filler metal is added, which is how two pieces of metal become one. That’s how welding works and that is all there is to it! Stick Welding Stick Welding is a slang term commonly used for Shielded Metal Arc Welding or “SMAW”. Stick welding is the most basic and common type of welding processes used. It is also the first process learned in any welding school. Stick is the most trouble free of all of the welding processes and is the fundamental basis for all the skills needed to learn how to weld! Stick welders have four main components. A ground lead or clamp. A welding lead or stinger. A constant amperage power source. The electrode or welding rod to weld with. The process is simple! The ground clamp is attached to the work or metal to be welded. Then the welding lead, or stinger, gets the electrode inserted in it. Finally, the power supply is turned on and only requires the user to strike the metal to ignite it. Once that is done. the arc starts and the electrode begins to burn. This creates a shielding gas and deposits metal into the joint that is being welded. The slag from the electrode needs to be cleaned or chipped off as soon as the weld is finished. TIG Welding TIG Welding is also a slang term commonly used for Gas Tungsten Arc Welding or “GTAW”. TIG welding also goes by the term HeliArc welding. TIG welding is the most difficult of the processes to learn, and is the most versatile when it comes to different metals. This process is slow but when done right it produces the highest quality weld! TIG welding is mostly used for critical weld joints, welding metals other than common steel, and where precise, small welds are needed. TIG welders have six main components: A constant amperage power source (many times a Stick welding power supply). A ground lead or clamp. A welding lead or TIG Torch. A non-consumable Tungsten electrode to produce the arc (the Tungsten electrode does not add to the weld joint). Shielding gas to protect the weld area from the air (typically pure Argon gas). The filler wire to add to the weld joint with the other hand. TIG welding equipment varies greatly in the sense of bells and whistles. The simplest TIG welders are a Stick welder power supply with a TIG torch attached to the welding lead, and the other hose is attaches to a bottle of Argon gas. This is how the largest defense contractors and engineering companies set-up there TIG welders for Pipe . The way this process works is simple. First the ground clamp is attached to the metal to be welded, a Tungsten electrode is inserted into the TIG torch, the Argon gas is turned on and now the torch is feeding Argon gas through the torch, the power supply is turned on, and now all it takes is a scratch of the Tungsten to strike an arc. Once the arc strikes the Tungsten just produces an arc and starts to melt the metal, after that you simple add filler wire to the joint with the other hand. MIG Welding MIG Welding is a slang term that stands for Metal Inert Gas Welding, the proper name is Gas Metal Arc Welding or “GMAW”, and it is also commonly referred to as “Wire Wheel Welding” by Unions. MIG Welding is commonly used in shops and factories. It is a high production welding process that is mostly used indoors. MIG Welders have five main components. A constant voltage power supply. A wire feed to feed the filler wire through the welding lead to the MIG gun. A ground lead or clamp. A welding lead or MIG gun. Shielding gas to protect the weld area from the air. MIG welding is not that simple when it comes to setting up the equipment but the skill required is a lot less then Stick welding. The way MIG welding works is you attach the ground clamp to the work then power source is turned on and finally the shielding gas needs to be turned on. After that you need to set the voltage, wire feed speed that is counted in IPM (inches per minute), and shielding gas flow rate that is counted in CFH (cubic feet per hour). Then simply hit the trigger and the MIG gun starts feeding shielding gas and wire to the weld joint. Once the wire hits the weld joint it begins to arc and the wire melts and starts filling the joint. Flux Cored Arc Welding Flux Cored Arc Welding “FCAW” is nothing more than a different welding wire or electrode for a MIG welder! FCAW wire is a hollow or tubular wire that has a flux inside of it that provides a shielding from the air when it is welding. What this does is help a MIG welder to weld in windy conditions and it increases how much weld can be welded per hour. The powder flux inside also has metal mixed in that increase the weld deposit rate. FCAW is the fastest of all of the manual welding processes. FCAW wire has two types. Self Shielding. Dual Shielding. Shelf shielding wire is just that! It has enough flux inside that no other shielding source is needed. Dual Shield is a wire that helps shield the weld but also needs a source of gas just like a MIG welder. Flux cored arc welding is similar to Stick welding when it comes to slag. It also has a slag that covers the weld that needs to be cleaned after the weld is finished. Welder Safety The Welding Business Owners Handbook Review - The Fabricator! The Welding Business Owners Handbook Featured on Hobart's "World of Welding Magazine" Learning Center Welding Introduction to Welding History of Welding Art of Welding Welding Processes Stick Welding MIG Welding Flux Cored Arc Welding TIG Welding Welder Certifications Welding Certification 3G SMAW 4G SMAW 6G Pipe SMAW 3G MIG Welding 3G FCAW Welder Resources Why Learn Fitter Math Welding Jobs Welder Staffing Welding Schools Resources 
