 Login/Register: Visitors: 1898 CADforum Home CAD Discussion Tips Tricks Downloads CAD Blocks CAD Videos Web Links SW Development Search Last searched tips: MARKUP getcname turn new error tan autocad autocad slow clear RSS tips RSS discussion CAD Ads former Xanadu New Autodesk Fusion 360 available as rental CAD software Christmas CAD utilities given out again by CAD Studio Featuring Track your time spent working on AutoCAD or Revit jobs - automatically with CADstudio JobTime Use Google Earth images in your AutoCAD projects with the Plex.Earth Tools Extend your AutoCAD LT productivity with our popular add-on CADstudio LT Extension See also CAD Tips, Tricks, Discussion and Blocks formats . New AutoCAD 2014 commands and variables CAD block library with 10.000 blocks AutoCAD 2014 , Revit 2014 and Inventor 2014 CADforum.cz - discussion CAD Discussion Forum - 24,812 postings, 448,686 registered users Discussion forum to Autodesk products - AutoCAD, LT, Inventor, Revit, Civil 3D, Map, etc. Text does not save after vault check-in Forum: AutoCAD yesterday 16:02 line types removing problem Forum: CAD - general yesterday 12:02 pdf format Forum: AutoCAD yesterday 11:44 Inserting blocks Forum: AutoCAD 24.2.2014 20:55 In Search of Help Forum: AutoCAD 24.2.2014 11:49 Plot styles Forum: AutoCAD Civil 3D, Map 21.2.2014 22:53 Annotation Scale Forum: AutoCAD 21.2.2014 22:52 Can anyone help? Forum: CAD - general 21.2.2014 19:29 last 100 postings register CADforum.cz - tips 2,578 CAD Tips and Tricks - updated 24.2.2014 Hundreds of tips and tricks for Autodesk and HP products Where to set the number of decimal places for Robot output tables? How to draw clothoid in AutoCAD? Data formats supported in Autodesk InfraWorks 360. Random object colors in 3ds Max. Unfoldable spiral-helix sheet metal in Inventor. Starting Fabrication CADmep 2014 in another AutoCAD - desktop icon. DWG thumbnail is not displayed with some files. Why? Which product do I need to view DWF and other CAD files online? FAQ CAD terms glossary Units converter CAD freeware download CADforum.cz - blocks New CAD Blocks Paleta-param ... horseshoe - DWG Sky_light_ro ... Pallet_48x40 ... Stoy_3D - DWG Painting006_ ... Painting005_ ... Painting004_ ... CADforum.cz - downloads Download CAD Files - 1,997 files - (6,810,189 downloads) Hundreds of CAD files for download - utilities, patches, service packs and libraries TRIAL - Autodesk Revit 2014 CZ, Win 32/64-bit Autodesk MeshMixer 10 (V2.1) - freeform modeler (Win64) 3DPlot - generate AutoCAD 3D surfaces with parametric math functions - Z=F(X,Y) KLOT - Clothoide curve - arc to line (LSP for AutoCAD) TRIAL - Autodesk InfraWorks 360 ,Roadway Design for InfraWorks 360, Bridge Design for InfraWorks 360, Autodesk ForceEffect Motion 2.7.9 for Android - conceptual mobile simulations of moving mechanical Autodesk ForceEffect 2.7.9 for Android - conceptual mobile simulations and calculations Autodesk ForceEffect Motion 2.7.3 - conceptual mobile simulations of moving mechanical systems for More files CAD Forum - tips, tricks, help, how-tos and FAQ for AutoCAD, LT, Inventor, Revit, Map, Civil 3D, MapGuide, 3ds max and other Autodesk software (support by CAD Studio) CAD Studio a.s. (Xanadu+Dagis) - Autodesk PLATINUM Partner Training Center Consulting Services Partner CAD Tips and Tricks Cesky Contact webmaster@cadstudio.cz Advertise with us CADstudio online privacy 
 Home | Log In | View Cart Categories 3D and Web Publishing AEC Alibre AutoCAD AEC AutoCAD Blocks AutoCAD eBooks AutoCAD LT AutoCAD Mechanical AutoCAD Piping AutoCAD Translators AutoCAD Utilities Bricscad CAD CAD Utilities CAE CAM Inventor IronCAD MCAD MicroStation Parts, Part Libraries PDF SolidWorks Training, Tutorials Translators Viewers All Products IMSI Design - TurboCAD LTE Pro V4 $499.00 Sale:$399.20 UpFronteZine - Tailoring AutoCAD 2011/12 by Ralph Grabowski $39.30 Sale:$31.44 SoftDraft - SDR Steel Plus Structural Shapes Structural Steel detailing For AutoCAD SteelPLUS ... .... $195.00 Sale:$156.00 Home Our Guarantees About Us Privacy Statement Terms of Service Copyright © 2010-2011 TenLinks, Inc. 
 The Autodesk File Bits of History, Words of Experience John Walker Fourth Edition, 1994 The Autodesk File John Walker Web Edition with Frames No-Frame Web Edition Acrobat PDF Edition download a PDF edition Adobe Systems PostScript Edition The Autodesk File TeX dvips GhostScript This is a big ZIPped archive gzip compressed Unix tar John Walker Autodesk Vintage Image Gallery Autodesk Premises Over the Years Fourmilab Home Page 
 Screen here . buy@autocadzone.com . . . here buy@autocadzone.com :: :: here buy@eezylearn.com teaching . To browse visit . 'Powerclipping ' here 1stBannerBank here . www.sqa.org.uk www.disciplinehelp.com :: IMAX Designer.com www.siulya.co.uk www.cedesign.com About.com :: www.ltscotland.com :: here . Visit Scotland Cottage AutoCAD Tips Corel DRAW Tips 3D DRAW 29/04/03 21:53:20 corelcafe autocadzone eezylearn cadteaching :: Search google yahoo looksmart ::CoolSites osbournes swishzone computer rts hotmail ::CadSites cadtutor pointaweb autodesk ::Climbing ScottishMC scotland TheBMC AlienRock IbroxWall :: France cosiroc promogrimp ::Weather Grangemouth Lochearn Arrochar Embrun Grenoble CogneVally Torino AostaVally ::Rock+Ice cotswold rock n run tisos nevisport sportextrem entreprises rockworks cheapholdz 
 Between the Lines Home Archives Autodesk Beta Autodesk Labs Twitter Autodesk Blogs AutoCAD History About Subscribe Search Categories 3D Printing Announcements AUGI & Local User Groups AutoCAD AutoCAD History AutoCAD LT AutoCAD Products AutoCAD Tips Autodesk Autodesk Labs Autodesk Products Autodesk University Beta Info Design Events Funny Hardware Maker Misc. Photography Reality Capture Science Technology Tips–n-Tricks Travel Video Visualization Web Web/Tech Weblogs Recent Posts Freeform 3D Printing Metal Robot MX3D-Metal Autodesk Flashback - AUTODESK the Software Working with AutoCAD Xrefs and Autodesk Vault Autodesk ReCap Photo & Coral Reef Preservation Scuba Diving in the Utah Desert Using CAD for Valentines Cards Autodesk Knowledge Network Now Live Project Chronicle Recording 10 Years of AutoCAD Tips Autodesk Is Giving Software to Every Middle & High School in the US Autodesk Products for Free Feeds & Misc. RSS Feed Twitter Facebook Google+ Flickr Photostream YouTube LinkedIn Subscribe to Between the Lines by Email Blog Archives Autodesk Blogs AutoCAD Release History Old AutoCAD Release Gallery Autodesk History Gallery Tweets by @ShaanHurley 25 February 2014 Freeform 3D Printing Metal Robot MX3D-Metal We can 3-D print myriad plastic goods, fabric for apparel , burritos , candy , and perhaps in the not-so-distant future, human organs . Metal--the material that forms the skeleton of any city, building, or car--has been less accessible. Now, a collaboration between Dutch designer Joris Laarman and software company Autodesk has yielded something groundbreaking: an affordable technique for printing large metal structures, called MX3D-Metal. FastCompany Check out the following two great articles on this fascinating new technique. 3D Printing has been in the news heavily in recent years but now it is getting more interesting with freeform 3D printing metals with the aid of robotics.Dutch designer Joris Laarman developed this new technique that is more cost effective and scalable than current SLM methods allowing for the possibilities of using it in metal structures from art, architecture, and structural to automotive and space. The technique was a collaboration with Autodesk and an amazingly creative team member of mine, Maurice Conti . Technology like 3D printing is truly amazing and new additive manufacturing techniques, breakthroughs, and real world products are occurring faster and faster. This is an exciting time. How Autodesk Helped Create An Incredible New Technique For 3-D Printing Metal In Midair –FastCompany 3D-printing Robot by Joris Laarman Draws Freeform Metal Lines - Dezeen ve figured out how to 3-D print plastics, fabrics, and even candy. But so far, we havent had a method for printing large metal objects at an affordable price. Joris Laarmans MX3D-Metal method combines a robotic arm typically used in car manufacturing with a welding machine to melt and then deposit metal, to create lines that can be printed horizontally, vertically, or in curves without the need for support structures. Related articles 3D-printing robot by Joris Laarman draws freeform metal lines From Autodesk, An Incredible New Technique For 3-D Printing Metal In Midair Joris Laarman 3DPrinter prints metal in air in 3D Printing , Autodesk , Design , Technology | Permalink | Comments (0) | | 21 February 2014 Autodesk Flashback - AUTODESK the Software Back in the early 1980s when Autodesk was being founded there was indeed a product named AUTODESK. Trivia for bonus points: What exactly did it do? in AutoCAD History | Permalink | Comments (4) | | 19 February 2014 Working with AutoCAD Xrefs and Autodesk Vault This video tip comes recommended by Autodesk 's Kevin Robinson and produced by training company Ascent . Some AutoCAD users get confused on how to properly work with AutoCAD XREFs and Autodesk Vault , but this video will help clear this confusion up. http://youtu.be/rstxXwn1NKg Cheers, Shaan in AutoCAD , AutoCAD Tips | Permalink | Comments (0) | | 18 February 2014 Autodesk ReCap Photo & Coral Reef Preservation Sly Lee is a Marine Ecologist and Toxicologist that has been exploring the use of technology to document coral and the marine ecosystem . Currently Sly is using photos of corals to generate 3D models using Autodesk Recap Photo to document coral and examine changes over time. Sly is currently based on the island of Molokai Hawaii but spending much of February in Guam , Saipan , and Palau . I will be doing some underwater research work with Sly in May and am really looking forward to it. http://thehydro.us/coral-in-3d/ Sly Lees video of the coral 3D capture project. You can explore a couple of the coral models interactively. Cheers, Shaan in Autodesk Products , Photography , Reality Capture | Permalink | Comments (2) | | 17 February 2014 Scuba Diving in the Utah Desert On this long holiday weekend I started my PADI Advanced Open Water Scuba certification for certification. I can select 5 types of dives to get my certification in and I chose depth, night, altitude, buoyancy control, and navigation. I was able to complete 3 of the five this weekend out in the Utah desert in a salt water spring location named Bonneville Seabase with my friends instructors Jess and Will from Scuba Utah . You can get to over 60 feet depth in the water and in some of the ponds there are 8 foot long nurse sharks, swarms of porkfish, queen and cortex angels, a monster of a grouper, and many other marine life all 750 miles from the ocean. There was also some fun underwater obstacles including a tunnel and a submerged boat where at about 25 feet depth you could climb in the air pocket for photos of you and your dive buddies. The nurse shark up near the surface wanting me to feed her. Hungry Porkfish wanting me to give up the food in my dive bag. A cortez angel The lazy grouper What childhood nightmares are made of. The airspace at about 25' depth. In two weeks I will be lobster diving in Southern California in 60-135 of water at night and really looking forward to it. I love scuba diving, do you? Cheers, Shaan in Misc. | Permalink | Comments (0) | | 14 February 2014 Using CAD for Valentines Cards Do you use AutoCAD or other Autodesk design tools to create your Valentines cards? I am am not quite sure whether to congratulate you, or suggest that you seek help. Happy Valentines Day ! -Shaan in AutoCAD , Funny | Permalink | Comments (0) | | 12 February 2014 Autodesk Knowledge Network Now Live Autodesk has just started placing product help, support, training, and community forums under Creative Commons at http://knowledge.autodesk.com Check it out and share the knowledge! in Autodesk , Autodesk Products | Permalink | Comments (2) | | 10 February 2014 Project Chronicle Recording 10 Years of AutoCAD Tips The phrase eating our own dog food or dogfooding describes someone or a company using their own created tools to better understand them. Autodesk Project Chronicle has evolved into a really powerful tool for communicating steps in Autodesk products AutoCAD , Revit , and Inventor where you can see the exact steps and commands used in addition to the video of the screen. While a photo may tell a thousand words, and video tells much more, but Project Chronicle for Autodesk product users tells the whole complete story. Beginning this week I am going through my 10 years of blogged AutoCAD tips on this blog and creating chronicles and then posting the chronicles here. Project Chronicle is free and can be used to post quick steps on how to do something or show a problem whether online as a URL, posted in response to a discussion forum questions, or as a mobile file as an attachment. It is not intended to be a polished video with transitions and such but just the facts fast and easily with deep Autodesk product integration. You can also record chronicles of other non-Autodesk products but you wont have the same deep product integration of commands and settings. No need to re-play a section of recorded training video over and over or looking for a clue to get the same results for a step someone did not document, with chronicles you can see all the commands used in the Autodesk product even if the trainer forgot to mention or document it. I am really excited about Project Chronicle and hope people start sharing chronicles and challenge Autodesk University speakers to create chronicles of their classes. Cheers, Shaan in AutoCAD , Autodesk Products | Permalink | Comments (0) | | 04 February 2014 Autodesk Is Giving Software to Every Middle & High School in the US This is big news for US schools both teachers and students as well as future architects, designers, digital artists, engineers, makers, and many more. Autodesk Commits $250 Million in Software Services to American Middle High Schools Expansion of Autodesk Design the Future Program to Help Prepare Students for Careers in Science, Technology, Engineering, Arts and Mathematics San Francisco Washington DC, Feb. 4, 2014 — Autodesk, Inc. (NASDAQ: ADSK ) is joining with President Barack Obama and other leading technology and telecom companies to help prepare American high school students for science, technology, engineering, art and mathematics (STEAM) careers. The company will expand its Design the Future program, and make available $250 million of 3D design software, project-based curricula, training and certification to every middle and high school in the United States in 2014. “Our customers have unfilled, high-paying positions due to the lack of qualified U.S. high school and university graduates,” said Carl Bass, Autodesk president and chief executive officer. “As part of our ongoing commitment to training and equipping the next generation of designers, engineers, architects and digital artists, we are proud to respond to the call from President Obama. Today we are committing to making our Design the Future program available to every secondary school in the United States over the next year.” The Design the Future program provides secondary school teachers everything they need to teach students critical problem-solving skills and to prepare them for careers in STEAM fields such as engineering and architecture. First launched as a pilot in California in 2013 and expanded to Texas in 2014, the program empowers educators to help students develop a lifelong love for STEAM subjects by providing free access to current versions of Autodesk 3D design software (including more than 14 key products for architecture, engineering and entertainment), project-based curricula assigned to Common Core and ISTE standards, training and certification. In the first six months of the program, more than 350 California schools have enrolled. With today’s commitment, Autodesk will make its software available for free to educators at more than 27,000 U.S. secondary schools. If all schools take advantage of the offer, the total value of Autodesk’s offering will exceed $250 million. For more information on Design the Future, visit http://www.autodesk.com/campaigns/design-the-future-us/home . For more information on Autodesk’s free offerings for students and educators, visit http://students.autodesk.com . For those in the UK Autodesks Noah Cole pointed out a Design The Future for K-12 program for the UK: http://www.autodesk.com/education/schools-educators-software/k-12/design-the-future-uk We tried to solve the problem of the grumpy school lunch lady, but we are a software company after all and instead focused on making a difference in education with our software tools and investing in the future. This is a great investment for the future. -Shaan in Autodesk | Permalink | Comments (2) | | 03 February 2014 Autodesk Products for Free If you are a individual student or faculty you can get most of the Autodesk products for free from the Autodesk Education Community . There is really no catch as these are the full Autodesk products and the software license is for 3 years. Included are AutoCAD , 3ds Max , Maya , Inventor , Revit and many many more. You will also receive 25Gb of Autodesk cloud storage. http:// students.autodesk.com in Autodesk Products | Permalink | Comments (0) | | 02 February 2014 Big Game Stadium Winds in Real-Time Today is the big football game in the US where the Seattle Seahawks will face the Denver Broncos in an open stadium in the Winter cold of New Jersey. Fox Sports is using Autodesk Flow Design to determine where the winds will be blowing in the stadium in real-time. http://autode.sk/1bhu7q1 YouTube video on how they modeled the wind in the stadium using Autodesk Flow Design: http://autode.sk/1nAqRhP Who am I rooting to win the game? I am torn having lived in the Northwest and built projects in Seattle but also currently living in the Intermountain West closer to Denver. I think I will have to root for both teams and cities this year. Speaking of cold Winter winds. It was Groundhog Day and that large well fed groundhog predicted 6 more weeks of Winter for us in the United States. Groundhog Day : Punxsutawney Phil forecasts six more weeks of winter Cheers, Shaan in Autodesk Products , Events , Technology | Permalink | Comments (0) | | 30 January 2014 Happy 32nd Birthday Autodesk On this day January 30th, 1982, 32 years ago a small group of people held an initial meeting in Marin County California to organize what became Autodesk . They risked it all including all the money they could scrape together and it paid off for millions of people from employees, customers, partners, and investors. A sincere thank you to John Walker and all the ‘deskers’ that followed in the founders and pioneers footsteps to this day as you literally changed the world, and still continue to 32 years later. Thank you everyone! Autodesk Flying founders From left to right: Rudolf Künzli, Mike Ford, Dan Drake, Mauri Laitinen, Greg Lutz, David Kalish, Lars Moureau, Richard Handyside,Kern Sibbald, Hal Royaltey, Duff Kurland, John Walker, Keith Marcelius John Walker’s quote. “We should shoot for having the company in operation by mid-March. We cannot dawdle, but we also are going to do it right this time. Were just going to do it fast! “ Onward and Upward! -Shaan Autodesk’s 4087 employee hired in 1998 and unofficial historian. in AutoCAD History , Autodesk | Permalink | Comments (0) | | Next Between the Lines Follow Me on Twitter 
 Site Updates -=31/10/0 7 =- Title image links corrected on tutorial pages...oops! E-mail AutocadCentral.com Some of the various types of the AutoCad vertical program are as follows: AutoCAD Electrical, AutoCAD Civil 3D, AutoCAD Map 3D, AutoCAD Mechanical, AutoCAD MEP, AutoCAD P, AutoCAD Plant 3D, and AutoCAD Structural Detailing. These programs are perfect for any architectural and construction type projects. These programs give people the tools needed to create their desired designs. Today, custom application development is not unheard of. There are many applications that have been developed especially for AutoCAD and other CAD programs. These applications make work with the software more efficient and user friendly. AutoCad has a few different types of file formats. DWG is their most used file format. Two of the other file formats are DXF and DWF. DXF has become a standard for CAD data and DWF which was developed by Autodesk but is used in the recent versions of AutoCad. Each project is saved based on what is in the design. AutocadCentral.com Computer CAD Software 
 AutoCADder Different information, observations, news and comments to the popular CAD application by Autodesk - AutoCAD. Related information to AutoCAD LT, Inventor, Revit, Map and Architectural Desktop. Friday, April 13, 2012 There seems to be a new record in the low number of new features introduced in AutoCAD 2013. Even my favourite command history chart from CAD Forum tells that AutoCAD 2013 has the lowest number of new commands and variables ever (if we take versions 2000i and 2002 as a combined release): Most of the new functionality relates to the Autodesk Cloud "Autodesk 360". This cloud initiative lead in the CAD area by Autodesk is quite interesting and I consider it rather useful. E.g. the cloud render or simple cloud-based sharing of drawing files and AutoCAD custom settings is something that most users might need every day. But off-line users can write off half of the new features. The new interactive and transparent command window can make AutoCADder's life easier but it is rather a cosmetic enhancement. The 3D documentation features probably won't be used by many users as they probably do 3D in other applications, also those by Autodesk (Inventor, Revit). But the openness of this function - can create 2D views from any 3D model/file - is a nice attitude. You can use AutoCAD as a documentation tool for 3D CAD models coming from Solidworks, CATIA, Pro/E, etc. One of the underestimated functions in AutoCAD 2013 - the Apps Exchange online store. You can very easily choose and install any of the plug-in applications offered mostly for free there. Labels: AutoCAD 2013 , commands # posted by AutoCADder @ 13:00 0 comments Monday, April 04, 2011 When I look at the new features of the recently released AutoCAD 2012, I can see less new functionality than usual - compared to previous releases. There are interesting new functions for 3D - e.g. the import of the CAD formats of non-Autodesk CAD software, the 3D model views, the new 3D editing functions - but for 2D drafting there are not so many enhancements. One notable 2D feature is the dynamic array - you can interactively make and modify radial and rectangular and path arrays. Another general new feature is the Content Explorer - finally you can quickly search contents (texts, blocks...) of DWG files, not only on your disk but also on other PCs in your network. But all other enhancements are really small ones. I cannot forget the online functions of AutoCAD WS but for people working on local DWG files it brings no direct productivity enhancements. What I don't understand fully is the decision to bundle Inventor Fusion. Why is it a part of AutoCAD now? Doesn't AutoCAD have enough 3D editing functions of its own? PS: I have now received a Twitter notification for a command history graph - it confirms the size of the AutoCAD 2011.5 (aka 2012) version having the least new commands since version 2002 Labels: AutoCAD 2012 , commands , features # posted by AutoCADder @ 17:32 1 comments My job is no longer directly related to AutoCAD so I will contribute to this blog less frequently. But I am still an AutoCAD fan so whenever I find something noteworthy about AutoCAD, I will try to post a blog message. Labels: AutoCAD # posted by AutoCADder @ 17:29 0 comments Thursday, November 18, 2010 If you happen to render a series of large scenes, don't bother with snapping a new superfast hardware - Autodesk gives you its own hardware to perform this task. Just login to the Autodesk Neon web service and upload your DWG file containing the 3D model (any size, any complexity), materials, lights and cameras. Then choose the camera (view), the output resolution, quality and the resulting file format. Now you have to wait a couple of minutes for your render to complete - rendering computation is performed on an Autodesk web cloud. Neon will send you a notification e-mail when your job or series of jobs is finished and ready for download. This is perfect for last minute renderings when any computer in your office is too slow to complete the job before deadline... Labels: Autodesk , DWG , Neon , render # posted by AutoCADder @ 22:28 0 comments Friday, September 24, 2010 It is an interesting phenomenon this autumn. Even respectable software vendors jumps to be the first ones who release an AutoCAD clone for Mac, and better AutoCAD clone for Windows. There is the Dassault's DraftSight, CAD Schroer's STHENO/LX, Graebert's ARES, ProgeCAD is said to be in the works, and maybe others. The first strange thing in these feverish activities is the Mac platform. I don't know if the US market is so different but there are simply no Mac users in the technical/engineering industry in Europe. Someone should divulge that to these vendors. The second thing is the lack of innovation. Are all these software vendors so short-sighted and non-creative that they are able only to copy ( steal if you wish) an existing software - AutoCAD - and bring no own idea into their development? And the third thing - the most important for us, users. When they happen to copy AutoCAD, they should do it right. I had a chance to try DraftSight which is said to read/write DWG files "almost like AutoCAD" and I can say that this is simply not true. DraftSight reads most of the DWG contents but not all! Some drawing objects are missing, some objects are interpreted differently that in the genuine AutoCAD. So you definitely cannot trust the DWG drawings you open or even modify in DraftSight. It does not support DWG, it does support only a clone of the DWG format (a subtle but important difference). Maybe your business does not depend on the precision and fidelity of the technical drawings but our business does. So if there happens to be some Mac users longing to process DWG files on their apple-boxes, they will need to use the official "AutoCAD for Mac" by Autodesk. Labels: AutoCAD , clone , Draftsight , DWG , Mac # posted by AutoCADder @ 08:22 2 comments Monday, September 20, 2010 Do you know the "no operation" commands in AutoCAD? What AutoCAD commands do you know that do nothing ? The usual command used for NOP function is ID . But there are more, maybe better examples of these idle commands - e.g.: DELAY 0 HYPERLINKSTOP *SCROLL Labels: AutoCAD , command # posted by AutoCADder @ 15:34 1 comments I can see a single positive thing on the whole AutoCAD for Mac story, which still makes little sense for me - AutoCAD WS . My reservations about putting effort in developing "another AutoCAD" instead of polishing the right one can be found in my previous posts. But there is one offspring of the Autodesk-Apple story that is very interesting and very promising for Autodesk's future. AutoCAD WS (I understand that this will be the resulting name of the whole Butterfly Project) is a web cloud application running on Autodesk servers in the internet. Through the lightweight client of AutoCAD WS you can work on DWG drawings on virtually any device - a Flash-enabled internet browser on a PC, on a Smartphone, on an iPad or even on an iPhone and iPod. AutoCAD WS now supports only a limited subset of DWG objects (2D only) but still - this sounds promising. Labels: AutoCAD WS # posted by AutoCADder @ 15:02 0 comments About Me Name: View my complete profile 
Link Text 
Links Autodesk AutoCAD homepage CAD Depot - AutoCAD utilities Between the Lines Beyond the Paper CAD.de portal CAD Forum - AutoCAD tips CAD Panacea Daily AutoCAD CADuzer.com Site Feed (XML) archives February 2005 March 2005 April 2005 May 2005 June 2005 July 2005 August 2005 September 2005 October 2005 November 2005 December 2005 January 2006 February 2006 March 2006 April 2006 May 2006 June 2006 July 2006 August 2006 September 2006 October 2006 November 2006 December 2006 January 2007 February 2007 March 2007 April 2007 May 2007 June 2007 July 2007 August 2007 September 2007 October 2007 November 2007 December 2007 January 2008 February 2008 March 2008 April 2008 May 2008 June 2008 July 2008 September 2008 October 2008 November 2008 December 2008 January 2009 February 2009 March 2009 April 2009 May 2009 June 2009 July 2009 August 2009 September 2009 October 2009 November 2009 January 2010 February 2010 March 2010 May 2010 June 2010 August 2010 September 2010 November 2010 April 2011 April 2012 
 The CAD Geek Empowering CAD Professionals AutoCAD Civil 3D Map 3D CAD Management General AU DWF Other Software Windows Videos Distributing and Sharing eTransmit Transmittal Settings with your Team October 24, 2013 by Donnie Gladfelter 1 Comment With the many resource files necessary to display many AutoCAD drawings, sending your DWG files to an external consultant can prove to be a challenging endeavor. Of course this was the very reason Autodesk introduced the ETRANSMIT command to AutoCAD many versions ago. Although the ETRANSMIT command isn’t the most complex command in AutoCAD, it [] Filed Under: AutoCAD Tagged With: AutoCAD Tips Tricks , eTransmit , Sheet Set Manager , Tips Tricks Complete list of AutoCAD 2014 Service Packs and Updates October 17, 2013 by Donnie Gladfelter Leave a Comment If you have any of the following products installed, there’s a good chance you’ve already received an in-product notification letting you know an update is available for your product. Nonetheless, sticking with the typical cadence, Autodesk has released a series of Service Packs for several of the 2014 products they shipped this past spring. The [] Filed Under: AutoCAD Tagged With: Service Pack Converting External Reference Path Types with Action Macros July 16, 2013 by Donnie Gladfelter 2 Comments In my last blog post I wrote about the new External Reference tools you (probably) didnt know about in AutoCAD 2014. As someone who uses external references nearly everyday, it goes without saying these new features are among my favorites in this release. More specifically, the ability to convert full path references to relative path [] Filed Under: AutoCAD 2014 , Uncategorized Tagged With: Action Macros , Action Recorder , AutoCAD 2014 , External References , Tips Tricks , xref The new External Reference tools you didnt know about in AutoCAD 2014 June 27, 2013 by Donnie Gladfelter 12 Comments Each new release of AutoCAD brings with it a number of significant enhancements. For instance the 2014 version introduces incredible tools such as Design Feed and Live Maps from Bing. As useful as these are, I oftentimes find the smaller, less celebrated features to be among my favorites. One such enhancement in AutoCAD 2014 is [] Filed Under: AutoCAD , AutoCAD 2014 Tagged With: AutoCAD 2014 , External References , New Features , Tips Tricks , xref Hatching Open Areas in AutoCAD using a Gap Tolerance June 4, 2013 by Donnie Gladfelter 1 Comment Hatches help us assign context to specific elements of our plans by adding texture to what would otherwise be a flat engineering document. As the “paint bucket” tool of AutoCAD, inserting hatches isn’t especially difficult, however they do come with one simple rule. You can only hatch closed areas, and if the area you select [] Filed Under: AutoCAD Tagged With: AutoCAD 2011 , AutoCAD 2012 , AutoCAD 2013 , AutoCAD 2014 , AutoCAD Tips Tricks , Hatch , Tips Tricks 1 2 3 50 Next Page Get the Book Connect Subscribe to Blog via Email Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Copyright 2016-2013 The CAD Geek, Donnie Gladfelter All Rights Reserved Admin 
 Ellenfinkelstein.com "Helping you with PowerPoint and presenting" Home Blog Tips e-store Training Contact About Advertise Everything you need to know about PowerPoint and presenting! PowerPoint Blog Get the latest! Tips Over 250! E-Store E-books & courses Training Transform your presentations! Subscribe Get free tips an ebook "From Death by PowerPoint to Life by PowerPoint!" "I can't tell you enough how much I have used and appreciated your tips and tricks for better presentations." Dave Wakeling Interested in AutoCAD? Subscribe AutoCAD Tips AutoCAD Blog E-Store A bestselling AutoCAD book at Amazon.com! AutoCAD 2013 and AutoCAD LT 2013 Bible "The AutoCAD Bible is an object lesson in design, concise and helpful writing, and a near-genius level of organisation... Your book has been the single most significant factor in my successful mastering of a new skill... there is not a paragraph that I would rewrite." - Paul O'Kelly - What people are saying about Ellen Finkelstein Use these links to connect with me for more free tips! About Advertise Become an Affiliate Contact Ellen Finkelstein, 2010 Coral Lane, Fairfield, IA 52556 Phone 515-989-1832 Copyright EllenFinkelstein.com . All Rights Reserved. 
 Where applicable, you can see country-specific product information, offers, and pricing. Change country/language X Sign in Worldwide Sites SEARCH Sign in Subscription Customers Autodesk 360 Constructware Discussion group Education Partner portal Autodesk Developer Network Products Support & Learning Communities Buy Store Building Design Entertainment Creation Factory Design Infrastructure Design Plant Design Product Design AutoCAD Design Compare all suites AutoCAD AutoCAD LT All AutoCAD 3ds Max Alias InfraWorks Inventor Maya Simulation products Navisworks Revit All products Autodesk Subscription DWF DWG All viewers Construction Film Television Industrial Equipment Roads Highways All industry solutions Personal Design Creativity Mobile Apps Autodesk 360 cloud services Autodesk 360 Autodesk PLM 360 AutoCAD 360 BIM 360 Field BIM 360 Glue Fusion 360 Sim 360 All cloud services AutoCAD AutoCAD Architecture AutoCAD Civil 3D AutoCAD LT AutoCAD Map 3D AutoCAD Mechanical 3ds Max Alias Inventor Maya Navisworks Revit Simulation Moldflow Vault All Support Learning Installation Licensing System Requirements Downloads Forums Articles Ideas Developer Network Autodesk Events Autodesk University Training Certification Consulting Licensing Options Partner Products Services Subscription Flexible support solutions help you maximize productivity and minimize downtime. Learn more Discussion Groups Blogs Autodesk University All communities Industrial Design Labs Manufacturing Media Entertainment Students Educators Developers Resellers Training Centers Partner Products Services OEM Software Program Strategic Partners Consulting System Integrator Partners Industry Partners Investors The Fusion 360 site is your single source for sharing, discussing, and learning. Visit the Fusion 360 site Buy Online Find a Reseller All Options Buy with Subscription Education Financing Government Licensing Australia ($ AUD) Singapore ($ USD) 日本 (円) 한국 (₩) Europa (Deutsch €) Europe (English €) Europa (Español €) Europe (Français €) Europa (Italiano €) United Kingdom (£) USA Canada ($ USD) Brasil (R$) Close Now you can pay as you go 3D design and engineering software Apps for personal design and creativity Now you can pay as you go Autodesk adds monthly, quarterly, and annual software rental plans. Learn more Imagine. Design. Create. Autodesk is a world leader in 3D design, engineering, and entertainment software and services. Find your solution Tools for artists, makers, Unlock your creativity and get the tools to make something real. Find apps, services, and communities Autodesk 360 cloud services AutoCAD products Inventor products Revit products 3ds Max products Maya All products Browse products A broad portfolio of 3D design software. AutoCAD Design Suite Building Design Suite Entertainment Creation Suite Factory Design Suite Infrastructure Design Suite Plant Design Suite Product Design Suite Find your suite An expanded toolset in a single package. Work in the cloud Autodesk 360 cloud services. Free trials Viewers DWG™ viewer DWF viewer Support Industry solutions BIM, Digital Prototyping, and Simulation solutions, case studies, and other resources. Autodesk University Watch what happened in Las Vegas. Education Community Free software downloads, cloud services, Sustainable design Resources and tools to support clean tech, nonprofits, students, and educators. Training Events, learning tools, and certification programs. Mobile apps Apps for design, sketching, photo editing, Follow Autodesk Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn All social Products 3D CAD software Construction software Drafting software Painting software Student downloads Design engineering Civil engineering PLM Character animation Movie editing Visual effects Support Learning Product Support Learning Productivity Installation, Registration Activation System Requirements Downloads Community Resources Consulting Training Certification Buy Online store Find a reseller Subscription Support offerings Education licensing About Autodesk Careers Contact us Philanthropy Gallery Investor relations Newsroom Trust Center Autodesk Labs Autodesk Research Autodesk University Privacy | Legal Notices Trademarks | Report Noncompliance | Site map | © Copyright 2014 Autodesk Inc. All rights reserved 
 DeliCAD Applicatifs pour AutoCAD, BricsCAD et IntelliCAD pour la topographie, la VRD, l'architecture... FlashTalus Cration de talus associatifs paramtrables. FlashCadre Cration rapide d'un carroyage. ActiveLine Cration de polylignes cotes ractives. FlashPolygons Cration de contours automatique partir d'une slection de lignes et arcs. FlashProfils FlashProfils est un outil de cration de projets linaires du type voirie, piste ou canal. FlashMNT Cration de Modle Numrique de Terrain, modlisation 3D, volumes FlashPoints FlashPoints est un outil de cration et de gestion de groupes de points. PlineTools Gestion des polylignes. Plus de 40 fonctions pour travailler avec les polylignes 2D ou 3D. FlashSnap Grez facilement vos modes d'Accrochage aux objets. Invisible Afficher ou masquer des entits sans geler les calques. RapidDXF Crez des fichiers DXF partir de fichiers de coordonnes. DeliCAD add-ons for AutoCAD, BricsCAD and IntelliCAD in topography, land survey, civil CAD FlashTalus Associative embankments creation. FlashCadre Grid creation . ActiveLine Reactive polylignes creation. FlashPolygons Automatic boundaries creation from lines and arcs. FlashProfils FlashProfils is a tool for road design and other corridor-based projects. FlashMNT FlashMNT is a tool that allows the creation of a Digital Terrain Model and 3D computations. . FlashPoints FlashPoints is a tool for creating and managing points Groups (topographic points for example). PlineTools PLineTools is a set of more than 40 tools allowing easy edition, modification and creation of 2D or 3D polylines. FlashSnap FlashSnap is a replacement for the standard AutoCAD Object Snap dialog. Invisible Invisible is an add-on that allows to change entities visibility. RapidDXF RapidDXF is an application that allows to import topographic data in your CAD system. DXF Works DXF Works is an application that allows to extract coordinates and other various data from DXF files. DXF2Bom Dxf2Bom is an application that allows to extract value of block attributes from DXF files. applicatifs autocad autocad blocs autocad civil 3d autocad dwg autocad echelle autocad freeware autocad grouper autocad hachure autocad importer pdf autocad joindre autocad lisp autocad nettoyer autocad pdf autocad revit autocad telecharger autocad wipeout autocad xref autocad zoom xp 
 Quick Links | | | Plotting and Plot Cost Recovery Looking for tools to track your plotting costs or to batch process your plot files? Then CAD fx has your solutions! RePlot allows you to batch print your plot files to virtually any printer or any scale. Handles PDF, DWF, HPGL/2, and TIFF files. General Utilities CAD fx has a range of utilities to make you more productive... Batch Script Processor: Run your scripts on hundreds or thousands of AutoCAD drawings! Balloon fx: Block Manager: Custom Services Click here for more information Mechanical Parametric Programs Check out our 2D Parametric Tooling programs... Mechanical Power Tools: Mechanical Power Tools Lite: Latest Updates October 2013 New Product Installations for AutoCAD 2014 BalloonFX for AutoCAD 2014 Released BatchScript Processor 3.2.6 for AutoCAD 2014 Released BlockManager 3.9.6 for AutoCAD 2014 Released Mechanical Power Tools for AutoCAD 2014 Released Mechanical Power Tools lite for AutoCAD 2014 Released Product Quick Links RePlot Batch Script Processor Block Manager Mechanical Power Tools Mechanical Power Tools Lite Balloon fx X-Filer View the CAD fx CAD fx partners spam filter in the cloud 
 Data and Tools or Customize Purchase click here. Click here. here Blueprint Applications steelstubs@optushome.com.au 
 Search Sign Up Sign In AccuRender nXt advanced rendering for AutoCAD Main nXtRender Product nXtRender / AccuRender Technical Details Images Galleries Slide Show Download nXtRender and nXt Content and Entourage The Render Farm nXt Studio Purchase Forum/Support Forum Help and Tutorials Upload a File Languages DEUTSCH ESPAOL FRANAIS ITALIANO Events New Technology nXtRender is completely new AccuRender technology providing high quality images with an easy-to-use interface. Try it... Rhino , SketchUp , and Revit Events Members View All Photos Add Photos View All Forum Nxtwrite 8Replies Was muss ich tun, damit der Befehl Nxtwrite funktioniert. Welche LSP datei muss ich vorher laden??Immer wenn ich den Befehl eingebe, kommt die Fehlermeldung "Unbekannter Befehl".Alfons Continue nXtStudio . Last reply by Roy Hirshkowitz 6 hours ago. AR4 + Autocad 2013 + Windows 7 6Replies Hola amigos!Llevo utilizando Accurender 4 desde que lo adquirí, hace ya muchos años. Lo tenía instalado en mi viejo portatil (sistema operativo: Windows XP 32bit) y trabajaba con él a través de Autocad 2004.Recientemente he adquirido una nueva… Continue AutoCAD . Last reply by akinlolu olugboji 8 hours ago. another inspirational animation https://vimeo.com/86633544 Continue AutoCAD yesterday. Plant editor 3Replies Gentlemen,I have created 2 trees (attached) and what I found out is that every single tree is either yellow or green, or olive, leaf colour dependend.I think it would be great to put for example 2 (or more...) leaf types onto one tree, wouldn't… Continue Wishlist and other suggestions . Last reply by mike makki on Sunday. Nxt new versions 3Replies Hi guys, I am starting again a new post about NXT development.When are we going to have new version of nxt ? What are  Nxt team working on?.  I really enjoy working on Nxt, but  we paid  starting the year for some great  additions that the Nxt team… Continue Wishlist and other suggestions . Last reply by Alfons Akamp Feb 19. Plant editor question 1Reply When making a grass groundcover, I can figure out what most of the settings are supposed to do. But what does "Underside" do? I do not see any effect in the Plant Editor raytrace window or in the rendering itself for fairly low settings, like from 0… Continue AutoCAD . Last reply by Roy Hirshkowitz Feb 19. Add a Discussion View All Member Map This Ning App is not visible to members on the Main page. link text View Member Map Welcome to AccuRender nXt Sign Up or Sign In Or sign in with: Search Translate Latest Activity George Ioannidis commented on Maciej's photo 2014-02-24 view 03 "If it makes any sense, I approve it too :D" 3 hours ago Maciej commented on Maciej's photo 2014-02-24 view 03 6 hours ago Roy Hirshkowitz replied to Alfons Akamp's discussion Nxtwrite 6 hours ago George Ioannidis commented on Maciej's photo 2014-02-24 view 03 7 hours ago Maciej replied to Alfons Akamp's discussion Nxtwrite 7 hours ago Roy Hirshkowitz replied to Alfons Akamp's discussion Nxtwrite "What build dour you have?" 8 hours ago Maciej posted a photo 2014-02-24 view 03 No Porsche, shadows slightly sharpened, no eye-catching lensflare.... :) 8 hours ago 3 Comments Likes akinlolu olugboji replied to Elsa Lloret's discussion AR4 + Autocad 2013 + Windows 7 "I presently run AutoCad 2007 on a Windows 8 machine, to be still is the most stable AutoCad version, only drawback for me is that RPC AutoCAd pluggin started on AutoCad 2008. The new modelling tools and enhance display keeps me doing 3d on AutoCad…" 8 hours ago RSS News Loading feed  Groups HISPANIA 41 members View All Videos Albert D Hart 1 Comment Likes Albert D Hart 0 Comments Likes Albert D Hart 0 Comments Likes Albert D Hart 3 Comments Likes Scott Davidson 5 Comments Likes Albert D Hart 0 Comments Likes Add Videos View All Social Badges Report an Issue Terms of Service Hello, you need to enable JavaScript to use AccuRender nXt. Please check your browser settings or contact your system administrator. 
 elecworks, electrical CAD software elecworks is a standalone Electrical CAD solution , that enables electrical designers and automation experts to create automation and electrical installations projects. elecworks can also be used within SolidWorks to handle complete project data using the elecworks built-in SolidWorks Module Some features and benefits: Single line diagram, pneumatic & hydraulic drawings generation Automated terminal layout drawing creation Real-time automated numbering and cross-referencing 2D and 3D panel layout with smart 3D models and 3D wire and cable routing Custom component creator and library manager Large manufacturer database included 100% intuitive and easy to learn and use More information, visit elecworks, electrical cad software About Us About our Products 01/10/2012 Aceri will be present in Matelec 2012 Our team will present the latest in our products. Come to booth 8F05A 22/12/2011 Aceri wishes you a Merry Christmas and Happy New Year 2012 See more news Elec Calc, low voltage electrical calculation software Click to enlarge the video February 2014 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 See more Agenda Receive our Gazette periodically in your inbox loaded with news about ACERI, new products and handy tips to use in our CAD software. Fill in the subscription form . Follow us: support.aceri Web site optimized for it's viewing in FireFox 2.0 with Flash Player 9 plug-in. 
 empowering electrical solutions Home Login About Us Contact Us Language English Français Español 中文 Industry Aerospace Automotive Ship Building Railway Electrical engineering Energy Electrical installations Solar energy Street lighting Equipment machinery Panel builders Process and Plant Oil Gas Water treatment Maintenance Medical Pharmaceutical Hospitals Solutions Electrical Design elecworks™ elecworks™ Facility elecworks™ Harness elecworks™ Onboard Process Management elecworks™ PID Mechatronics elecworks™ Onboard Electrical Calculation elec calc™ elec calc™ ep solar calc™ iCable BT aCable BT Product Data Management elecworks™ PDM link Services Training Subscription Consulting Technical support Help getting started Data import Custom developments Engineering services Support Users support area License registration elecworks elec calc solar calc Trace Elec Pro Electrical Designer Reprogram hardware key Suggestions Tips and Tricks elec calc™ elecworks™ tips and tricks Sales Contact form Education Resellers Industrial partnerships Manufacturers Case Studies Trace Software Our company Our offices News Events Calendar They talk about us… Newsletters Blog Apply for a job eSHOP Previous Next elecworks Read More elec calc Read More solar calc Read More Quick Links Contact form Users support area Education Resellers elecworks™ elec calc™ Newsletters Calendar Previous events Next events Month: January February March April May June July August September October November December Year: 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 Print View February 2014 M T W T F S S 27 28 29 Demo elecworks: automation and electrical design 29 January 2014 17 h 00 min 18 h 00 min Demo elecworks: automation and electrical design 30 31 1 2 3 4 5 6 Demo elecworks: automation and electrical design 6 February 2014 9 h 00 min Demo elecworks: automation and electrical design 7 8 9 10 elecworks Advanced Training Webinar - Line diagram 10 February 2014 16 h 00 min 17 h 00 min Line diagram. Creation, insertion and association elecworks Advanced Training Webinar - Line diagram 11 12 Demo elecworks: automation and electrical design 12 February 2014 17 h 00 min 18 h 00 min Demo elecworks: automation and electrical design 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 Demo elecworks: automation and electrical design 20 February 2014 9 h 00 min 10 h 00 min Demo elecworks: automation and electrical design 21 22 23 24 25 26 Demo elecworks: automation and electrical design 26 February 2014 17 h 00 min 18 h 00 min Demo elecworks: automation and electrical design 27 28 1 2 Category Key Event Holiday Training Webinar demo News The Trace Group achieves a record-breaking 2013 Read More Trace Software wishes you a Merry Christmas! Trace Software Internationals team thanks you for your trust and wishes you all the best for... Read More Older Entries TS Blog Automatic equipotential connection – New feature of elecworks 2014 elecworks Tips Tricks: Showing wire marks in shorts wires Design rules and voltage drop calculation: new reports collection to check design errors Connect with us ! Subscribe to our newsletter Industry Aerospace Automotive Railway Ship Building Electrical engineering Energy Equipment machinery Panel builders Process and Plant Maintenance Medical Solutions elecworks™ elecworks™ Facility elecworks™ Harness elecworks™ PID elecworks™ Onboard elecworks™ PDM link elec calc™ elec calc™ ep solar calc™ iCable BT aCable BT Services Training Subscription Consulting Technical support Help getting started Data import Custom developments Engineering services Support Users support area License registration elecworks elec calc solar calc Trace Elec Pro Electrical Designer Reprogram hardware key Suggestions Tips and Tricks Commercial Contact form Education Resellers Industrial partnerships Manufacturers Case Studies Trace Software Our company Our offices News events Calendar They talk about us… Newsletters Blog Apply for a job Trace Software International - Parc Eco-Normandie 76430 Saint Romain de Colbosc - France - +33(0)2 32 79 44 24 - sales@trace-software.com Sitemap License agreement Privacy Policy copyright Trace Software International 2009-2014 - All rights reserved. 
 Cart is empty View cart Checkout Follow us PHONE Home Products Videos Blog Contact Download Demo Request SEARCH We are in the business of Making CAD Easy. Our software is packed with tools to get your engineering project done quickly and efficiently for one affordable low price Try our Software for Free: Request a Demo New Product Spotlight Have you been procrastinating to update your old version of AutoCAD or LT? Our AViCAD solution provides you with a great opportunity to purchase our Engineering Suite, plus upgrade or add a new CAD workstation at the same time. AViCAD offers the same exact Engineering CAD Software found in Mech-Q More Info Buy Mech-Q Engineering Solutions Mechanical. Piping, Ducting Structural solutions For AutoCAD, AutoCAD LT, IntelliCAD, Bricscad... More Info Buy AViCAD Professional 2D/3D CAD Cost Effective 2D/3D DWG format CAD. Ideal for MCAD, Plant Design and Architectural professionals More Info Buy Plate 'n' Sheet Flat sheet development software - 100's of common shapes included More Info Buy CustomAir Ducting 2D Ducting Software - based on the CustomAir Ducting system More Info Buy ZWMech Solutions for ZWCAD Piping, Ducting, Structural More Info Buy LT Tools Add LISP plus maximize the productivity efficiency of AutoCAD LT More Info Buy Triple your Drafting & Design Productivity Congratulations, you've found one of the most affordable and powerful engineering suite available on the web. If you've looking high and low for an engineering solution, your search has finally ended here for a good reason. Are you spending hours each day drawing the same piping or ducti schematic over and over? Do you find yourself struggling to to get your projects done one time? We feel your pain! We too were struggling with the same tedious process of getting our drawings within budget and looking professional as well. You see, that is what prompted us to write our own CAD engineering software over 15 years ago. Since then ASVIC has grown to be the number one CAD software developer for Mechanical, Piping, Ducting Structural software. Because our Engineering Suite is so affordable and reliable it continues to be used by tens of thousands worldwide and this number grows daily! Whats inside our Engineering Suite? We have packages all our tools into one package and call it the Engineering Suite. It contains all the tools you'll need to produce great quality drawings. Our software contains four main modules: Piping , Ducting , Structural and Mechanical . We've Built This For You: engineers and drafting professionals We have put a ton of thought into designing our engineering suite. Being engineers ourselves, we wanted to create software to draw the way an engineer would draw. We can proudly say that creating mechanical drawings, structural detailing, piping layouts and HVAC Ducting drawings has never been easier. All of our engineering software is easily accessible from the pull-downs at the top of your CAD screen. In addition you can quickly access the program using floating toolbars, which are installed for you. Learn more.. Get Pricing Learn More Call Us Send Brochure Engineering Suite: Main Features Easy to use interface Auto-Bill of Materials (BOM) Draw Options: 3D solids, 2D isometric Customisable to suit many standards and your sepcial needs Standalone, Site Network (LAN WAN) Works with all versions of AutoCAD, AutoCAD LT, Bricscad, progeCAD, Cadian, GstarCAD and other intelliCAD versions. Get Started Get your free trial right now, just click on the blue button below. There is absolutely no obligation to buy whatsoever! Feel free to contact us with any questions you may have. Download Free Trial Here Got Questions? Feel free to contact us today about the best CAD solution for your office. We would be happy to answer any questions you may have. Ask us special discounts and multiple licensing offers. Contact us to learn more Engineering Suite: Main Features Video Home Products Videos Blog Contact About Us Price Request Support Faq Literature Tutorials Users Testimonials Authorization Request Follow Us Download Demo Requests ASVIC Australia Head Office Phone: (+61) 1300 654 616 Support Australia: (07) 3303 0181 Support International: +61 7 3303 0181 General Enquiries: info@asvic.com.au Sales: sales@asvic.com.au Support: support@asvic.com.au Accounts: accounts@asvic.com.au Office: Unit 2 7-9 St Andrews pl. Cronulla NSW 2230 Australia All Mail: PO Box 1444 Cronulla NSW 2230, Australia Fax Australia: (07) 3112 5087 International: +61 7 3112 5087 ASVIC international offices Contact details for CADavenue : (ASVIC North American) Contact details for Europe: (ASVIC Europe) C Copyright 2013. ASVIC Software & Engineering. Legals / Privacy Developed by TMD Online 
 Welcome! AzTechSoft GPS2CAD .01 , . Check out our new MAP Click Here Try out our here! or Geocaching - Recreation for GEEKS! Visit our Continuing Select your course or Our Links 
 ABN 71 085 861 785 Multi-Batch SteelSect Presentation Software Services: Multi-Batch SteelSect Drafting and Specification Development Product Prototype Realisation 3D Product Visualization Animation Presentation Services: 
 Partner Products & Services CAD English | Home | Partner Index | Product Index | Media & Entertainment Plug-ins Building Design Civil Engineering Geospatial Manufacturing Productivity Tools Learning Tools Professional Services Compatible Apps AutoCAD AutoCAD Architecture AutoCAD MEP Autodesk Inventor Autodesk MapGuide AutoCAD Map 3D AutoCAD Mechanical Autodesk Revit Architecture Autodesk Revit Structure Autodesk Revit MEP AutoCAD Civil 3D Autodesk Vault Partner Videos Select Another Language French Italian German Spanish Japanese Chinese Russian Polish Korean Brazilian Portuguese Developing your own add-ons? Search Partner Products & Services Search For * To refine your search, you may also select from the choices below. Works With Any Autodesk Product AutoCAD Autodesk AliasStudio AutoCAD Architecture Autodesk Building Design Suite Autodesk Buzzsaw AutoCAD Civil 3D Autodesk Design Review Autodesk DesignStudio Autodesk Design Suite Autodesk DWF Viewer Autodesk DWF Toolkit Autodesk DWG TrueView AutoCAD Electrical Autodesk Entertainment Creation Suite Autodesk Factory Design Suite Autodesk Infrastructure Map Server Autodesk Infrastructure Design Suite Autodesk Inventor Autodesk Inventor Engineer-to-Order Series Autodesk Inventor Engineer-to-Order Server Autodesk Inventor Publisher AutoCAD Map 3D Autodesk MapGuide Enterprise AutoCAD Mechanical AutoCAD MEP Autodesk Navisworks AutoCAD P AutoCAD Plant 3D Autodesk Plant Design Suite Autodesk Product Design Suite AutoCAD Raster Design Autodesk RealDWG Autodesk Revit Architecture Autodesk Revit Structure Autodesk Revit MEP Autodesk Showcase Autodesk Simulation Autodesk Studio Autodesk StudioTools Autodesk SurfaceStudio Autodesk Topobase Autodesk Vault Product Language Any Language English Chinese Czech Danish Dutch Finnish French German Greek Hungarian Icelandic Italian Japanese Korean Norwegian Polish Portuguese Russian Slovak Spanish Swedish Turkish Entries Per Page 5 10 25 50 * Searching for non-English terms may produce unexpected results. To locate a specific developer or product by name, use the Partner Index or Product Index respectively. Featured Products: PdfImport Partner: DotSoft Imports the contents of PDF files into AutoCAD as polylines, text and images. AcadDecke (prefabricated reinforced concrete slab) Partner: IDAT GmbH Complete package for prefabricated reinforced concrete slabs. ATHENA Partner: CAD-PLAN GmbH ATHENA is the leading 2D/3D AutoCAD® application for curtain wall and storefront design. GuidSIGN Partner: Transoft Solutions Inc. GuidSIGN is an AutoCAD® based roadway and highway sign design software. PointCloud Partner: kubit GmbH PointCloud supports the visualisation and analysis of laser scanner 3D points in AutoCAD® environment. SAP PLM Direct Integration for AutoCAD / Inventor Partner: CIDEON Software GmbH SAP PLM Direct Integration for AutoCAD® and Autodesk® Inventor®. No additional PDM system required. CostX® Partner: Exactal Pty Ltd CostX® is an on-screen 2D & 3D/BIM measurement and estimating program for the construction industry. Copyright 2013 Autodesk, Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Legal Notices & Trademarks Report Noncompliance 
