 HERZOG China HERZOG Japan HERZOG USA Impressum Suchformular Suche HERZOG Maschinenfabrik GmbH+Co.Auf dem Gehren 149086 OsnabrĂźck info@herzog-maschinenfabrik.de Hauptnavigation: 1.1: Produkte 1.1.1: FrĂ¤smaschinen 1.1.2: Schleifmaschinen 1.1.3: Maschinen fĂźr Trennen und Stanzen 1.1.4: Brecher 1.1.5: MĂźhlen 1.1.6: Pressen 1.1.7: Aufschluss-Systeme 1.1.8: Probennehmer 1.1.9: Rohrpost: Sende- und Betriebsstationen 1.1.10: Rohrpost: Empfangs- und Laborstationen 1.1.11: Rohrpost: Transport 1.1.12: Software Solutions 1.2: LĂśsungen 1.2.1: HERZOGSteel 1.2.2: HERZOGNonferrous 1.2.3: HERZOGMinerals 1.2.4: HERZOGMining 1.2.5: HERZOGAirtube 1.2.6: Software Solutions 1.3: Service 1.4: Downloads 1.5: Neuigkeiten 1.6: Ăber uns 1.6.1: Karriere 1.7: Kontakt 1.7.1: Anfahrt Innovativ im Prozess FĂźhrender Anbieter von Probenvorbereitungssystemen in der Stahl- und Eisenindustrie Speziell konstruiert LangjĂ¤hrige Erfahrung und spezielle LĂśsungen im NE-Metall-Bereich wie z.B. Aluminium, Kupfer, Messing und Titanium Zement fĂźr die Zukunft Seit vielen Jahren einer der fĂźhrenden Partner der ZementÂ­industrie bei der Einrichtung und Entwicklung von Laborsystemen FĂźhrend in der Minenindustrie Komplette LĂśsungen fĂźr die Probenvorbereitung und weltweit fĂźhrender Anbieter von Laborsystemen BestĂ¤ndiger Probentransport for automation sample preparation Your Partner â for automatic sample preparation Erfahren mit System âMade by HERZOGâ: Seit der GrĂźndung von HERZOG vertrauen unsere Kunden weltweit auf intelligente LĂśsungen und die QualitĂ¤t unserer erstklassigen Produkte. Als einer der fĂźhrenden Anbieter von Laborsystemen entwickeln wir innovative, zukunftsfĂ¤hige Maschinen fĂźr den Weltmarkt. Wir verstehen uns als Partner der internationalen Grundstoffindustrie, der seinen Kunden Beratung und Engineering aus einer Hand bietet: von der Lieferung hochwertiger Maschinen bis zu kompletten Laborautomatisierungen. Aktuelles Combo-Maschine HP-BTM Weitere Informationen Probenvorbereitung fĂźr Urban Mining Weitere Informationen HERZOG liefert Laborautomation fĂźr 100 MTPA Hafenanlage in Australien Weitere Informationen Laborautomation fĂźr die Probenvorbereitung von Phosphat-Flotationsproben Weitere Informationen Erweiterung einer bestehenden Stahlautomation in China Weitere Informationen Kompakte Laborautomation fĂźr ein Stahlwerk in Deutschland Weitere Informationen Die neue, verbesserte Version der HP-MP Weitere Informationen Servicebereich Weltweite Service-Leistungen fĂźr den stĂśrungsfreien Betrieb Ihrer Maschinen und Anlagen. Hotline +49 541 9 33 219 Laden Sie sich unsere Prospekte als PDF auf Ihren Rechner. Zu den Downloads Wir sind fĂźr Sie auf folgenden Messen vertreten: Aller au contenu principal L'innovation au service des laboratoires SystĂ¨mes de tests comportementaux pour la recherche biomĂŠdicale ACCUEIL PRODUITS ActivitĂŠ motrice Roue dactivitĂŠ ACTIVIWHEEL Roue dactivitĂŠ avec compte tours Mini-Roue dactivitĂŠ avec compte-tours Microdialyse : Mesure de lactivitĂŠ LocomotricitĂŠ LocotronicÂŽ Nutrition Distribution alimentaire programmable Planification alimentaire et pesĂŠe Planification de la prise alimentaire sans pesĂŠe AnxietĂŠ / DĂŠpression Enfouissement dĂŠfensif Labyrinthe surĂŠlevĂŠ en croix Test de la nage forcĂŠe Equipements BoĂŽte de contention rat/souris Lampe danimalerie Ă  LED rouge Lampe Ă  LED rouges Sonde endorectale THERMOSOUDEUSE POUR STERILISATION Tapis chauffant Exercice Roue deffort MĂŠmoire - apprentissage Labyrinthe de Cincinnati Labyrinthe en T Labyrinthe en Y Labyrinthes NOS RĂRENCES QUI SOMMES NOUS ? SociĂŠtĂŠ Concept Recherche et dĂŠveloppement CONTACT Microdialyse : Mesure de lactivitĂŠ SystĂ¨me informatisĂŠ d'acquisition et d'analyse de l'activitĂŠ du rat sous micro dialyse En savoir davantage... Mini-Roue dactivitĂŠ avec compte-tours Mini-Roue d'activitĂŠ avec compte-tours.Â Roue inox (diamĂ¨tre 15 cm) placĂŠe Ă  l'intĂŠrieur de la cage. En savoir davantage... Roue dactivitĂŠ ACTIVIWHEEL Cage de vie rat ou souris ĂŠquipĂŠe d'une roue d'activitĂŠ et d'un boĂŽtier electronique avec logiciel de gestion. En savoir davantage... Roue dactivitĂŠ avec compte tours Cage de vie ĂŠquipĂŠe d'une roue dâactivitĂŠ et dâun compte-tours de roue mĂŠcanique. ModĂ¨le rat ou souris disponible. En savoir davantage... THERMOSOUDEUSE POUR STERILISATION Thermosoudeuse pour stĂŠrilisation En savoir davantage... LocotronicÂŽ Le Locotronic (Foot misplacement equipment) est un appareil unique pour modeliser de faĂ§on prĂŠcise les troubles de la marche et de l'ĂŠquilibre chez les souris et les rats En savoir davantage... Labyrinthes Ă  faĂ§on RĂŠalisation de tous types de labyrinthes : standard ou Ă  vos dimensions et coloris En savoir davantage... Planification de la prise alimentaire avec pesĂŠe Cage de vie ĂŠquipĂŠe d'une mangeoire amovible permettant la planification alimentaire et la pesĂŠe des quantitĂŠs prises. En savoir davantage... Microdialyse : Mesure de lactivitĂŠ Mini-Roue dactivitĂŠ avec compte-tours Roue ActiviWheel rat-souris avec logiciel de gestion Roue dactivitĂŠ avec compte tours Thermosoudeuse pour stĂŠrilisation Mesure du trouble de la marche rat et souris Labyrinthes Planification alimentaire avec pesage souris et rat PrĂŠsentation Intellibio dĂŠveloppe et distribue des systĂ¨mes de tests et analyses comportementaux ĂŠvoluĂŠs pour les ĂŠtudes in-vivo dans le domaine des neurosciences, Ă  haut niveau de performance, reproductibles, fiables, dans le strict respect de l'ĂŠthique relative aux travaux dans les laboratoires. Catalogue + AnxiĂŠtĂŠ- DĂŠpression + Apprentissage-MĂŠmorisation + Equipement du chercheur + DĂŠplacement, trouble de la marche + Logiciel de suivi et analyse vidĂŠo Â  + Nutrition + Exercice-Effort + Contention + ActivitĂŠ Besoin d'un conseil ? SARL Intellibio +33 (0)9 53 49 16 04 Fax : + 33 (0)9 58 49 16 04 contact@intelli-bio.com publications cliqueR ici pour accĂŠder aux publications Services Recherche et dĂŠveloppement + Etude, fabrication mĂŠcanique et ĂŠlectronique, dĂŠveloppement logiciel + Conseils et accompagnements + RĂŠactivitĂŠ, souplesse, adaptation Ă  vos besoins +Â  Vente et expĂŠdition en France et Ă  lâinternational +Â  Devis gratuit ActualitĂŠs BONNE ANNEE 2014 ! Â  leS ROUES D'ACTIVITE INTELLIBIO VU A LA TELE ! Voir les reportages- JUIN 2013 Â  http://telematin.france2.fr/?page=chroniqueid_article=47116 http://www.lcp.fr/emissions/etat-de-sante/vod/148297-sport-et-sante-sentez-vous-mieux Â Â  Pour la premiĂ¨re fois, une ĂŠquipe franĂ§aiseÂ de lâInserm (UniversitĂŠ Bordeaux-Segalen) et du CNRS (institut de Neurosciences UniversitĂŠ Bordeaux-Segalen) vient de montrer que le manque deÂ motivation pour le sport a aussi des origines biologiques Â  Â  Â  DISTRIBUTEUR AMC INSTRUMENTS NEW DELHI - INDIA www.amcinstruments.com SARL IntelliBio TĂŠl. : +33 (0)3 83 28 16 04 Fax. : +33 (0)9 58 49 16 04 Contactez-nous ActivitĂŠ Â - Locomotion Â - MĂŠmoire - apprentissage Â - Exercice Â - Nutrition IntellibioÂŠ Â |Â  Plan du site Â |Â  ConfidentialitĂŠ Â |Â  Webmaster Â |Â  Informations lĂŠgales HomePage Titration Site Map News Discover the new SAC950 sample changer VIDEO presentation! Discover the making of a combined pH electrode! Free Resources Download or ask for our FREE Electrode Catalogue Subscribe to our free e-newsletter e-NewsLetter Archives Access our Resource Centre Download Material Safety Data Sheets Contact Request Information Modify your personal data Customer satisfaction survey Legal Data | Privacy Policy | Webmaster | Site Map Robosoft Navigation du site [Passer] Home Robotic Solutions Healthcare Kompaď robuWALKER Tele-Echography Defense Security EOD Robots (iRobot) UGV Force Tracking System Force Simulation System Transport Logistics People Transportation Hospital AGVs Automatic Refueling Valve cap Cleanliness Glass Roof Cleaning Floor Cleaning Vehicle Robotization Products Indoor Mobile Robots robuLAB robuTOR Outdoor Mobile Robots RMP440 (Segway) robuCAR robuROC People Movers robuCAB robuRIDE Dark Ride Gondola Manipulators JACO (Kinova) robuARM Remote Control robuREMOTE Lokarria News Technologies Lab News KOMPEYE final demonstration MOBISERV ends INTRO waiter arm INTRO waiter robot Interacting with Kompaď through KINECT Control Kompaď with gestures (2) Control Kompaď with gestures Control Kompaď with a smartphone Script language Corporate 30 years of Innovation Contact Sidebar [Skip] Souscrivez au flux RSS Latest news Dec 4th to 7th, 2013 :  Kompaď, an ambassador of the French Silver Economie Sept 12th, 2013 :  ROBOSOFT, one of the industrial challenges pushed by A. Montebourg Sept 1st, 2013 :   Kompaď-P participates in the PCP-SILVER Challenge Applications People movers Defense and security AGVs in hospitals Robot companion Products Indoor mobile robots Outdoor mobile robots Manipulators Technologies robuBOX and others See our latest robots ... legal information                                                                                                                                                               Š ROBOSOFT 2013 [Back To Top] en United States en Canada en fr Brazil pt en Mexico es en Argentina es en Chile es en Peru es en Colombia es en Germany de en France fr en United Kingdom en Ireland en Denmark en Sweden en Finland en Russia ru en Italy it en Spain es en Belgium fr en Netherlands en Switzerland de it fr en Austria de en Poland en Turkey en China zh en Japan en India en South Korea en Australia en Singapore en zh Malaysia en Thailand en International Website 252,158,174,186,67,157,180 Login Collection Folder Startpage Lab Products & Services Lab Products & Services Product Groups Weighing Laboratory Balances OEM Weigh Cells Mass Comparators & Metrology Weights | Weight Sets Paint Mixing Systems Quality Control Microbiology Products Moisture Analysers Electrochemical Analysis Lab Water Purification Lab Water Systems Liquid Handling Pipettes | Pipette Tips Pipette Calibration Cell Cultivation Bioreactors | Fermentors Shakers | Incubators Cell Culture Disposables Homogenisers Centrifuges Filtration | Purification Filters Ultrafiltration Devices Membrane Chromatography Virus Purification Kits Diagnostic Membranes & Arrays Blotting Membranes Product Microsites Applications Preparation Lab Water Purification Liquid Handling Filtration Chromatography Sample Preparation Cell Culture Upscaling Bioprocess Development Measurement Weighing Metrology Particulate Matter Analysis Paint Mixing Solutions Monitoring Analytics Microbiological Quality Control Services EXTEND | Instrument Services EXPANDÂŽ | Training Spare Parts and Consumables Information on Disposal Download Center Bioprocess Solutions Bioprocess Solutions Product Groups Filtration Liquid Filters Air | Gas Filters Filter Housings Filter Integrity Testing OEM Membranes Process Control Process Analysers Process Control Tools Microbiology Products Chemometric Software Purification Crossflow Holders & Systems Crossflow Filters Membrane Chromatography Clarification Filters Virus Filters UV-C Inactivation Systems DENARASE ÂŽ Endonuclease Fermentation | Cell Culture Bioreactors | Fermentors Incubation Shakers Fluid Management Single-Use Bioprocess Bags Containers Mixing Systems Aseptic Transfer Systems Freeze & Thaw Systems Tubing | Dis-/Connectors Configurable Single-Use System FlexAct ÂŽ Systems Product Microsites Applications Bioprocess Application Finder As a total solution provider Sartorius merges one of the broadest portfolios of single-use components, hybrid or traditional stainless steel systems and services. Our integrated solutions cover fermentation and filtration as well as purification and fluid management. More Services CONFIDENCEÂŽ | Validation Services DISCOVERÂŽ | Process Analysis EXPANDÂŽ | Training INCREASEÂŽ | Process Optimization EXTEND | Instrument Services Information on Disposal Download Center Literature Center Company Company About Sartorius Management Corporate Governance Corporate Social Responsibility Corporate Values History Exhibitions | Conferences Legal Documents Investor Relations Sartorius AG Sartorius Stedim Biotech S.A. Careers Vacancies Sartorius as an Employer Job Application Contact Press Press Releases Press Images Publications | Presentations Order Service Contact Press Release 25.02.14 The Executive Board and the Supervisory Board Propose to Increase Dividends Financial Report 21.10.13 Interim Report January to September 2013 Contact Contact General Contact Local Contact Technical Support Customer Service Subscribe to newsletter Headquarters Sartorius AG Weender Landstr. 94-108 37075 Goettingen, Germany Phone: +49.551.308.0 Fax: +49.551.308.3289 The New United States Pharmacopeia (USP) Chapter 41 Itâs easier than you think!  Find out more Get our high-performance SartocheckÂŽ 4 plus Filter tester Find out more Surf on by our website to discover all the capabilities of our lab water systems. Find out more Find the Perfect Match! Pipettes and Tips Designed for Your Application. Find out more Get Your Discount Now: CERTOMATÂŽ BS-1 Incubation Shaker for Microorganisms and Plant Cells Find out more Low Retention Tips Maximize Your Sample Recovery Save Valuable Reagents Find out more Picus electronic pipette, 8-ch, 50-1200 Âľl Send request More information Sartocon ÂŽ Hydrosart ÂŽ Cassette Send request More information Secura ÂŽ Precision Balance Send request More information Sartobind STIC ÂŽ PA Pico Send request More information Picus electronic pipette, 1-ch, 5-120 Âľl Send request More information Secura ÂŽ Analytical Balance Send request More information Vivaspin Turbo 15 Send request More information arium ÂŽ pro VF Ultrapure Water System Send request More information Cubis ÂŽ Precision Balance Send request More information Minisart ÂŽ NML Syringe Filters Send request More information SafetySpace TM Filter Tip, 5-200 Âľl, single tray Send request More information arium ÂŽ comfort II Send request More information Cubis ÂŽ Micro Balance Send request More information Vivaflow 200 Send request More information arium ÂŽ advance EDI Send request More information DENARASE ÂŽ Endonuclease Send request More information Secura ÂŽ Precision Balance Send request More information Cubis ÂŽ Analytical Balance Send request More information Picus electronic pipette, 12-ch, 50-1200 Âľl Send request More information Vivaspin Turbo 15 Send request More information Top Sellers Highlights Lab Products Services Weighing Lab Water Purification Liquid Handling Filtration | Purification Quality Control Cell Cultivation Service Bioprocess Solutions Filtration Fluid Management Configurable Single-Use System Process Control Fermentation | Cell Culture Purification Service Careers Investor Relations Training Courses Newsletter Events TAP Biosystems The takeover of TAP Biosystems Group plc will enable Sartorius to further extend its bioprocess portfolio in the area of fermentation. More New Products SartocheckÂŽ 4 plus Bag tester Perfect Proof of Reliable Fermentation Processes VivaspinÂŽ Turbo 15 Centrifugal Concentrators Show more Careers Jump-start your career in the high-growth biotech and pharma sectors â find out more about entry-level and promotional opportunities at Sartorius. More Sartorius Intec Quality, reliability and high precision - that's what Sartorius Intec stands for. Our products offer the best solutions for your processes. More You are here: Worldwide Startpage General Information Imprint Disclaimer Data Protection Terms and Conditions Lab Products Services Bioprocess Solutions Industrial Weighing Product Microsites Company About Sartorius Investor Relations Exhibitions | Conferences Press Release 25.02.14 The Executive Board and the Supervisory Board Propose to Increase Dividends Financial Report 21.10.13 Interim Report January to September 2013 Subscribe to newsletter: The email is incorrect! Email address Contact Advent Design Corporation Home Planning Productivity Product Design Manufacturing Automation Partnered Manufacturing TESCO About Us Contact Us LEAN/Six Sigma Experts Train Implement programs on your manufacturing floor Facilities Design, Plant Layouts Flow Plans Project Management Cycle Time Improvement Process Standardization Conceptual Design Feasibility Development Design Product Introduction Manufacturing Processes Development Automated Assembly Systems Custom Packaging Solutions Custom Robotic Systems Machine Vision Printing Industry Solutions Continual Production Setups On Demand Manufacturing Engineering Support Product Service Support Package for Industrial or Retail Delivery Documentation Control Meter products services Printing industry Home Corporate History Contact Us Application Notes Services TESCO Copyright 2012 Advent Design Corporation. All Rights Reserved. ++++++++++++++++++++ Follow us on Motion Control Advanced Motion Controls Moog-Animatics Apex Dynamics BEI Empire Magnetics Exlar Galil IMS Lintech MCG Nanomotion Nippon Pulse Omron Oriental Motor Parker-Bayside Pittman Express R+W Couplings Servotronix Sicme Motori Textron THK Yaskawa Machine Intelligence Advantech Hilscher Indusoft Moxa Omron RFID, Inc. Unitronics Wago Industrial Computing Advantech Axiomtek DINSpace Hilscher IEI Moxa Device Networking DINSpace eWon Indusoft Moxa Robotics Denso Robotics Rethink Robotics Robotiq Yaskawa Motoman Sensing Safety Heidenhain Omron RFID Renishaw STI Voltage-Transducer World Encoders Motion Control Solutions for single or multi-axis precision motion control applications Machine Intelligence Intelligent control, operator interface industrial communications solutions Industrial Computing Embedded solutions, panel PCs, wireless, software application development Device Networking Industrial Ethernet, M2M, remote monitoring control, web-enabled automation Robotics Industrial robots, collaborative robots, end effectors, bases, conveyors Sensing Safety Safety, bar coding, RFID, encoding, proximity sensing, timing Engineering Support RD, system design, machine builds, programming, training, assembly Motion Control Machine Intelligence Industrial Computing Device Networking Robotics Value-add Engineering Services Latest Newsletter Workshops and Seminars I.T. for Engineers Also Visit BuyMoxa web store Pittman/MCG web store Company Profile Our Mission Why Choose Us Meet the Team Line Card PDF Connect with Us Request a Quote Request Product Literature Feedback Site Map Company Products BoneScalpel SonaStar SonicOne O. R. Markets Investor Relations Contact TAKING ULTRASONIC SURGERY FURTHER Altering Lives Therapeutic ultrasound is an advanced technology with very unique characteristics that can improve surgeries around the world. Very similar to an ultrasonic cleaner that is used daily to make jewelry shiny, ultrasonic tools used in surgery are able to remove specifically targeted structures on a microscopic, even cellular level. Diseased tissues can be removed while important nerves in the proximity are spared. Collateral damage is kept minimal. Bleeding can be reduced and with the appropriate tool even stopped. Harmful bacteria can be destroyed and infection causing biofilms, like caries causing plaque, can be reduced. The formation of cell regrowth in open wounds can increase as can healing rates and patient outcomes. Ultrasound Empowers We at Misonix have recognized the tremendous potential in advancing surgical tools with ultrasound. We have made it our mission to offer surgeons superior tools for their challenging tasks and to facilitate surgeries that can be life-altering in their outcome. The results have been overwhelmingly positive â from both surgeons and patients. And this is why we are who we are: experts, leaders and pioneers in engineering advanced surgical tools â purely driven by sound. Ultrasonic sound. MOST RECENT NEWS EVENTS Misonix, Inc. Announces Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2014 Financial Results 02/05/2014 Misonix, Inc. To Report Second Quarter 2014 Financial Results On Wednesday, February 5, 2014 01/31/2014 Misonix, Inc. Enhances its Web Presence with the Unveiling of its New Website 01/31/2014 Poster Featuring Misonix BoneScalpelâ˘ Wins Best in Show Award at 62nd Neurological Society of India Annual Conference 01/30/2014 Misonix Exhibits at the Annual New York Podiatric Clinical Conference and Offers "Hands-On" SonicOneÂŽ O.R. System Trials 01/29/2014 Misonix, Inc. Announces First Quarter Fiscal Year 2014 Financial Results 11/07/2013 MISONIX, INC. 1938 NEW HIGHWAY FARMINGDALE, NY 11735 About Specs Products & Services Research Projects News & Events Contact Us Job Opportunities Unique selling points Offices around the world Factsheets Screening compounds Building blocks Natural products Compound Handling Organic synthesis Cheminformatics Screening collaborations COMDECOM Other projects Overview Newsletter Press releases Meet us Find your nearest contact Offices around the world Route description Head Office Info request Vacancies Specs.net database download online chemistry search ...more Register as user Eventlog Request databases Tour specs.net Downloads Power gateway Login to Specs.net Username Password remember login: Forgot password? Free user registration Meet us at the European Lab Automation 2014 - the Life Science Awards - in Barcelona, Spain Meet us in May at the Compound and Sample Management 2014 event in London, United Kingdom Meet us at the NCRDCS-14 on the Guru Jambheshwar University of Science and Technology, India Download the latest issue (February 2014) of the Specs compound library Meet us at the 20th ISCB International Conference (ISCBC-2014), University of Delhi, Delhi, India Outsourcing your compound synthesis to the Specs Research Laboratory Products and Services compound management reformatting, procurement, quality control and storage compound libraries screening compounds, building blocks, fragments natural products chemistry services synthesis and cheminformatics Latest News February 2014 issue of the Specs compound library available Outsourcing your compound synthesis to the Specs Research Laboratory Kick start your research with our pre-plated sets Compound searching by SD-file Specs offers a new standard in secure compound storage Upcoming Events February 25-26 Recent Developments in Chemical Sciences (NCRDCS-14), Haryana, India March 1-4 20th ISCB International Conference (ISCBC-2014), Delhi, India May 6-8 Compound and Sample Management 2014, London, United Kingdom May 13-15 European Lab Automation 2014, Barcelona, Spain Home Sitemap Disclaimer Terms and Conditions Privacy statement New Customer? Forgot Password? No SSL MWG-Biotech AG Get company information: Contact Products Services Management Investor Relations Erhalten Sie Unternehmensinformationen: Kontakt Produkte Services Management Investor Relations Products Services Get specific information on contact, products and services: Europe Americas Japan India Rest of world Erhalten Sie Informationen zu Kontakten, Produkten und Services: Europa Amerika Japan Indien Rest der Welt Eurofins MWG Operon Eurofins MWG Operon, founded in 1990 and member of the Eurofins Group, is an international provider of genomic services established around the core business lines DNA sequencing, oligonucleotide, siRNA and gene synthesis. Eurofins MWG Operon, 1990 gegrĂźndet und Mitglied der Eurofins Gruppe, ist ein internationaler Anbieter von Dienstleistungen rund um das Kerngeschaft DNA-Sequenzierung, Oligonukleotide, siRNA und Gensynthese. ÂŠEurofins MWG Operon 2013 CTC Analytics Kunden Partner Stellen Kontakt / Anfahrt Neuigkeiten Produkte English Inter Page Wireless Paging Systems CALL: 1-800-992-1000 InterPage Provides Onsite Wireless Skip to content Home Products Âť Healthcare Pagers Âť Assisted Living Facility Pagers Dental Care Pagers Eye Care Pagers General Healthcare Paging Systems Hospital Waiting Room Pagers Pharmacy Pagers Surgical Center Pagers Restaurant Pagers Âť Guest Paging Server Paging Table Call Staff Call Casino Pagers Âť Table Call Guest Paging Staff Call Paging Software Auto Dealership Pagers Bowling Center Pagers Church Nursery Pagers Golf and Country Club Pagers Library Pagers Manufacturing Pagers Pagers for Veterinarians Retail and Grocery Store Pagers School and University Pagers Spa and Salon Pagers Trade Shows and Special Events Pagers Yacht Pagers Downloads Press Release About Us Contact RESTAURANTS Guest Paging Server Paging Table Call Staff Call SEE MORE CASINOS Table Call Guest Paging Staff Call Paging Software SEE MORE HEALTHCARE General Healthcare Surgical Centers Hospital Waiting Rooms Assisted Living SEE MORE MILITARY APPROVED Many VA hospitals throughout the U.S. are using our Paging Systems in emergency rooms, primary care, outpatient, pharmacies and transportation depts. Our Paging Systems are currently being used by the U.S Government in the following agencies; Veterans Administration (VA) Hospitals, U.S Embassyâs, Homeland Security, Dept of Education, Department of the Army, U.S Navy, U.S. Air Force, U.S Coast Guard, NATO, U.S Marine Corps, Military Combat Support Hospitals, Air Rescue Squadrons in Iraq, and Afghanistan. CUSTOMER SOLUTIONS Adding the INTER PAGE SilentPage Tone Only Paging System to our business shows the higher level of efficiency and commitment that service we deliver to our guest on the daily basis. The Paging System allows our Front Desk staff to communicate with our service providers to alert them when our guest arrives; this makes our guest experience more pleasant. Kenny Truong - Beauty Times Nail & Spa TheÂ Inter Page (SilentPage) Alphanumeric Paging System we purchased has helped our skilled nursingÂ facilityÂ minimizeÂ overhead paging, whichÂ has in turn, promoted a quieter environment for our residents. The benefits of the pagers and system areÂ ease of use and little set-up time.Â It has been a much-needed benefit for our community. Amrit Jacob, LNHA - Bethany Health Care & Rehabilitation Center We have had our Wireless Nurse Call Pendant Transmitter and Pager since 2008. This unit is priceless when it comes to caring for my wife. It is a joy working with the Inter Page team. Their customer service and sales department are the best; they are courteous, friendly, responsive and focused. Customer satisfaction and quality was that I was looking for and I found it all at INTER PAGE. Harold Mowery - Personal Care Giver SEE MORE PRODUCT SEARCH OTHER APPLICATIONS Retail Manufacturing Veterinarians Eye Care Dental Care Golf / Country Clubs Pharmacy Auto Dealerships Church Nursery Spa / Salon Bowling Centers Grocery Libraries Yachts Schools & Universities Tradeshows / Special Events INTERPAGE PROVIDES ONSITE WIRELESS PAGING SYSTEMS FOR ON-PREMISE PAGING Our in-house paging systems are used in Hospitals, Government and Commercial Facilities, Restaurants, Assistant Living, Nursing Homes, and other Medical Facilities. Our experienced professionals can assist you in selecting the right paging system for the right job. We offer specific paging systems forÂ Restaurants, Hotels, Casinos, Hospitals, Clinics,Â Medical DentalÂ Offices, Nursing Homes and Assisted Living Facilities. Commercial Paging Systems Inter PageâsÂ Commercial Paging Systems Â  serve industries that demand immediate and reliable communication. Â Our wireless paging transmitters interface with and provide pocket paging for such systems asÂ Jeron, Nursecall, Dukane Nursecall,Â Roam Alert, Tektone,Â Nursecall,Â Win-911,Â and many more. Pagers for Healthcare Inter PagesÂ Healthcare Paging Systems / hospital paging software Â  keep patients, nurses, physicians, maintenance workers and support staff all on the same page through fully integratedÂ pc paging software Â  customized to your facilityâs needs. On-site computer paging systems and pocket paging systems interfaced with nurse call systems and PCs let patients contact their caregiver in under two seconds with the caregiver always knowing the exact location of the patient. Inter PageâsÂ pendant and pagerÂ is used in many of the assisted living facilities and nursing homes as well as private homes to help with a loved oneâs care. Â Â TheÂ pendantÂ will send a message to staff and/or caretaker that assistance is needed. Enterprise 101 Software Inter Page has recently released the newest version of Â  Enterprise 101 On-Site Messaging Software Â  with a newÂ  Alert ButtonÂ Â feature.Â Enterprise 101 Text Messaging SoftwareÂ allows you to perform messaging from multiple workstations on a LAN or WAN. It also lets you schedule text messages to beÂ delivered any time of day or night and records all messages with time and date stamp. Best Restaurant Pagers Our popular on-siteÂ restaurant paging systemÂ provides immediate communication between management and staffÂ as well asÂ between staff and customers. Â Our newest product is the Â  Three (3) Button Table Call.Â  Â  There is a button forÂ Service, Bill, and Cancel.Â Â More customer satisfaction will continue toÂ bring them back. INTERPAGE Wireless Messaging Systems Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â As efficient as you need them to be From large, multi-departmental corporate settings and busy smaller businesses to hospitals, restaurants, hotels, churches and everything in between,Â that provideÂ smooth, efficient communication that make the whole process work better. When everybodys in touch, time is saved, things get done, customers are happier. PAGES Home Downloads Press Release About Us Contact CONTACT 7354 Central Industrial Drive Phone: 561-844-7900 Toll Free: 1-800-992-1000 Fax: 561-844-5844 INTERPAGE, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Website Created and Maintained by SEO West Palm Beach Inc. | wecare@jtech.com Facebook Facebook Twitter Twitter LinkedIn LinkedIn Youtube Youtube Google+ Google Home Industry Restaurants Guest Paging iPad Wait List App Server Paging Table Management Healthcare Church Nursery Hotels Resorts Retail Pharmacy Auto Dealers Casinos Additional Markets Solutions Pagers Paging Systems Wait List Apps Restaurant App Suite Restaurant Table Management Text Messaging Apps Wireless Call Buttons Two-Way Radios Support About JTECH Contact Us 4 Million Seated Guests and Counting! JTECH Wait List App Wait List App Suite 350,000 Text Messages per day JTECH Church Nursery Solutions Increase Membership Provide Peace of Mind Keep Parents Connected Wireless Solutions for Medical Practices Registration Outpatient Services Surgical Waiting Patient, Family and Staff Wireless Messaging Solutions Guest Paging Systems Hotels & Resorts Wireless Paging and Messaging Solutions Wireless Call Buttons Wireless Solutions for Retail Spinnakerâ˘ App Suite includes our remarkable iPad Wait List App with Table Management, Restaurant Pagers, Healthcare Patient Pagers, Patient Wait List, Staff Messaging App, Church Nursery Pagers, Wireless Call Buttons and more At JTECH we are more than restaurant pagers. Our amazing apps for restaurants, healthcare, retail and a host of other industries, are powerful, affordable and intuitive. Our high tech tools combine text messaging and paging so you and your customers have a choice. Restaurant Wait List Healthcare Patient Pagers Church Nursery Paging Systems Pharmacy PagingÂ Systems Auto DealerÂ Paging Systems Restaurant Paging Systems Healthcare Paging Systems Hotel and Resort Paging Systems Retail Paging Systems Casino Paging Systems Extensive Suite of Text Messaging Apps, Pagers and Paging Systems Our on-site paging systems and wait list apps solve communication problems for diverse industries including restaurants, medical facilities, hospitals, retailers, stadiums arenas, manufacturing facilities and a host of others. Â Our full line of wireless tools include: Â  iPad Â  wait list apps, table management and text messaging apps,Â  restaurant pagers, server pagers, patient pagers, church nursery pagers, wireless call buttons, alphanumeric text pagers. Â  Our wireless paging and messaging systems allow you to choose the application that best meets your needs, budget and company objectives. Medical Facilities Benefit from Improved Patient Flow and Patient Satisfaction We design and develop our wireless apps and devices. Â Patient pagers, patient family wait list apps with text messaging, medical staff messagingÂ andÂ wireless call buttons for exam rooms streamline the communication process. Hospitals, Clinics, Medical Groups, Doctors Offices, Nursing Homes and others depend on our innovative, user friendly technology to improve patient flow, increase staff efficiency and enhance patient satisfaction. Superior Value and Exceptional Performance JTECH wireless paging systems, text messaging solutions and cloud based apps are designed and manufactured to our specifications. JTECH provides the most reliable selection of restaurant pagers, customer and staff pagers to meet your unique application requirements. Pager styles range from rechargeable to alkaline models so that you can choose the pager that will best suit your application. Our GuestPassâ˘ restaurant pagers, QuikCallâ˘ server and staff pagers, QuikTextâ˘ top mount alpha text pagers, MediPassâ˘ medical pagers, and ShopperPassâ˘ retail pagers are all rechargeable with field replaceable batteries, providing years of useful life and designed to save you time and money. Unlimited Pager Expansion and Integration to Diverse Systems JTECHâs wireless paging systems are designed to work with all JTECH restaurant pagers, healthcare patient pagers, and retail pagers. We make it easy to add more pagers. We manage your pager numbers, so you donât have to. Restaurant Pagers, Healthcare Patient and Family Pagers, Church Nursery Pagers, Wait List apps with Paging and Text Messaging, Table Management, Wireless Call Buttons and moreâŚ Testimonials The only people who love the pagers more than our hosts, are our guests. The JTECH system works. Jake & Michael Levy , Desperado's, Dallas, TX The Spinnaker Restaurant App Suite has been a game changer for our busy restaurant. It has enabled us to streamline our wait procedures and we are able to run our restaurant more effectively. Our guests have noticed the improved service and we've experienced repeat customer visits. This was a simple and affordable upgrade. Doug Horn , Dough Pizzeria You can always count on JTECH for a quality product with amazing and efficient service. W. Hudson , BoomerJack's Restaurants Guest Paging iPad Wait List App Server Paging Restaurant Table Management Restaurant Wait List App Suite Text Messaging Apps Two-Way Radios Healthcare Patient Family Pagers Healthcare Paging Systems Wait List Apps Staff Messaging Systems Text Messaging Apps Two-Way Radios Wireless Call Buttons | Push Button Paging Systems Churches Church Nursery Pagers Church Paging Systems Parent Messaging App Wireless Call Buttons for Classrooms Two-Way Radios Retail Pharmacy Paging System Auto Dealerships Wireless Call Buttons | Push Button Paging Systems Two-Way Radios Facebook Facebook Twitter Twitter LinkedIn LinkedIn Youtube Youtube Google+ Google Copyright ÂŠ 2014 JTECH Communications, Inc.Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Sitemap | Blog Customer Login | Contact | Events | Investors Products Instruments MAGPIX Luminex 100/200 FLEXMAP 3D Assays Clinical Diagnostics xMAP NeoPlex4 xTAG Cystic Fibrosis xTAG RVP xTAG GPP xTAG CYP2D6 xTAG CYP2C19 MultiCode-RTx HSV 1&2 MultiCode Analyte Specific Reagents xTAG Analyte Specific Reagents Molecular Reagents MultiCode Reagents Life Science Research Protein Biosurveillance Biodefense Food Safety & Animal Health Salmonella Serotyping Assay Assay Development Tools RUO Products xTAG BPP Reagents & Accessories MicroPlex Microspheres MagPlex Microspheres MagPlex-TAG Microspheres LumAvidin Microspheres SeroMAP Microspheres Antibody Coupling Kit Instrument Reagents Magnetic Separators Software Replacement Parts Ordering Information Technologies & Science xMAP Technology xTAG Technology MultiCode Technology Applications Clinical Diagnostics Allergy Testing Autoimmune Disease Cystic Fibrosis HLA Testing Infectious Disease Pharmacogenetics Respiratory Viral Testing Life Science Research Alzheimer's Biodefense/Environmental Cancer Markers Cardiac Markers Cellular Signaling Cytokines, Chemokines, & Growth Factors Gene Expression Profiling Genotyping Endocrinology Epigenetics Isotyping Matrix Metalloproteinases Metabolic Markers Brain & Nervous System Markers Sepsis Markers Skin Markers Transcription Factors/Nuclear Receptors Toxicology Vaccine Testing Biosurveillance Assay Development Tools xMAP Kit Finder Partners Clinical Diagnostics Life Science Research Certified Developer Program Certified Developers Become a Certified Developer Become a Partner Become a Distributor Support Customer Center Training Customer Education Event Field Service Certified Service Providers Maintenance and Support Luminex Central Repair Facility Service Provider Login - Field Service Parts Support Resources Resources Downloads Publications Support Resources xMAP Cookbook xMAP Kit Finder About Us Message from CEO Management Events Careers News Investor Relations Contact Luminex Blog Luminex Corporation Receives FDA and European Clearance for a New Personalized Medicine Genotyping Assay, xTAGÂŽ CYP2C19 Kit Luminex Corporation Announces Corporate Restructuring Actions to Drive Operational Excellence and Improve Focus on MDx Market Luminex Corporation Receives FDA and European Clearance for an Updated Version of Its Comprehensive Genotyping Assay, xTAG CYP2D6 Kit Luminex Corporation Reports Second Quarter 2013 Results Luminex Corporation Achieves Milestone, Ships 10,000th Instrument Clinical Diagnostics Improving patient care through novel multiplexed molecular diagnostic solutions : Infectious Disease Pharmacogenetics: CYP2D6 and CYP2C19 Human Leukocyte Antigens Life Science Research Advancing basic research and scientific discoveries through the power of multiplexing: Gene Expression Protein Analysis Drug Discovery Oncology Biosurveillance Developing innovative detection platforms and assays for public health preparedness and food safety: Biodefense Food Safety Animal Health Luminex Corporation develops, manufactures and markets innovative biological testing technologies with applications throughout the clinical diagnostic and life science industries. The companyâs open-architecture xMAPÂŽ and xTAGÂŽ Technologies enable large numbers of biological tests (bioassays) to be conducted and analyzed quickly, cost-effectively and accurately. Systems using xMAP technology perform discrete bioassays on the surface of color-coded beads known as microspheres, which are then read in a compact analyzer. This website uses cookies to improve functionality and performance. If you continue browsing the site, you are giving implied consent to the use of cookies on this website. See our Cookie Policy for details. CLOSE Copyright 2006-2014 Luminex Corporation. All rights reserved. Terms of Use | Disclaimer | Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy | Trademark Guidelines Adept Technology, Inc. Home Events International Sites Germany France Search Search Results Company About Adept News Resources Careers Investor Relations Management Products Robots Controls Vision Software Application Products Mobile Robots Grippers Solutions Case Studies Preferred Partners Packaging Solutions Support Support Training User Forums Parts Document Library FTP Folders Download Center Help Request Contact Americas Europe Asia/Pacific Rim Information Request Webmaster Product Videos Quattro Food Handling Solar Cell Handling Quattro Kit Kat Demo Cobra with Vision - Solar Inverted Cobra Animation Brochures Adept Mobile Brochure Robotics for Solar Robotics for Packaging Adept Product Portfolio 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 Pause Frontpage Slideshow | Copyright 2006-2011 JoomlaWorks Ltd. Events News Videos see all news see all events Home Contact Terms of Use Terms of Sale Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright 1996-2014 Adept Technology, Inc. Home USA Brasil Canada Mexico Industries Aerospace Agriculture Appliance Automotive Clinical Construction Consumer Products Defense Education Electronics Energy Foundry Furniture/Fixtures Heavy Truck Life Science Logistics Job Shop Medical Metal Products Mining Paper/Printing Pharmaceutical Plastics/Rubber Recreational Equipment Applications Arc Welding Assembly Cutting, Deburring, Polishing & Finishing Die Cast Handling Dispensing Forming and Press Tending Machine Tending Machining Palletizing Painting Part Transfer Picking & Packaging Specimen Processing Spot Welding Truck Loading/Unloading Products Robots Robots Overview Arc Welding Assembly Cutting Dispensing Material Handling Material Removal Painting Spot Welding Turnkey Solutions Worlds Overview ArcWorld FabWorld LoadWorld PerfectEdge SpotWorld Controllers FS100 MLX100 DX100 DXM100 DX200 NX100 Vision, Software & Peripherals Vision Systems Software Positioners Adaptive Gripper Kinetiq Teaching Systems Automation Group Engineering Tooling Support Support Overview Customer Support Center Customer Care Agreements Robot Life Cycle Management Motoman Services Spare Parts Support for Suppliers Return Request Training Training Overview U.S. Brazil Canada Mexico STEM Robotics Robotics Glossary About Mission Company Information Facilities Global Locations IMPACT Corporate Giving Program Career Opportunities News Press Kits and News Releases Industry Articles Trade Shows Events Newsletter Blog Contact Email Us Yaskawa Global Contacts Proven Automation Solutions and Industrial Robots We've been passionate about automation for nearly 100 years. With such a rich history of innovation and industry leadership, it's no wonder Yaskawa automation and industrial robot solutions are delivering unmatched benefits for customers worldwide who need to increase efficiency, provide consistent quality, boost productivity and deliver outstanding ROI. 300,000+ industrial robots installed worldwide application expertise to deliver unmatched results Global network of integration partners experience to support any industry, application and operation Customer Care Careers Used Robots, Spare Parts Deals NEWS AND EVENTS News Releases Newsletter Events and Trade Shows PARTNERS Login Search Industry and Education CONNECT WITH US Copyright 2014, Yaskawa America, Inc. All Rights Reserved. | Site Map Visit Yaskawa Drives and Motion Request CNC ROBOT ROBOMACHINE FANUC America Corporation FANUC America offers the most complete range of industry-leading products and services for robotics, CNC systems, and factory automation solutions. We are dedicated to increasing the competitiveness of North and South American manufacturers by creating opportunities to help them maximize their efficiency, reliability, quality, and profitability. Whether you're a small or a large manufacturer, we have a solution that will meet your specific needs. We invite you to explore the possibilities with FANUC America's Automation Solutions. Innovative Automation Solutions 3900 West Hamlin â˘ Rochester Hills, MI 48309 â˘ 888.FANUC.US Home Videos Grippers More information Contact robotics within reach Low cost bench top robot arms Their high intelligence finds them niches in the most complex tasks but they are easy to apply to any application from machine feeding to laboratory sample handling. ST robots will do most of what their big brothers will do, much that they can't do and at a fraction of the price! ST provides professional but affordable, easy-to-use, ready-to-go boxed robots. Unpack it, set it up and start programming using our comprehensive manuals. confidence Track record We make sure your application is a success with knowledgeable advice before you buy and unlimited technical support after you buy. Our Strengths: Simple, reliable industrial designs; smooth, fast, and accurate digital positional control. Multi-processor controllers with high speed drives and extensive input/output capability. User friendly software using English language vocabulary. Acclaimed manuals and tutorials plus unlimited telephone and email support to get you up and running quickly and painlessly. r12 robot arm R12- firefly low cost 5-axis 500mm jointed (articulated) robot arm. Optional electric or pneumatic grippers or vacuum pickup. Fast and quiet, amazing performance for the price. Optional tool changer and mountings for tools. R12-six low cost 6-axis 500mm jointed (articulated) robot arm. Optional electric or pneumatic grippers. r17 robot arm R17 Optional electric or pneumatic grippers, vacuum pickup, tool changers. R17-six 6-axis version. R17-Hpl NEW High payload version of R17, up to 5Kg. r19 laboratory robot R19 550mm 4-axis cylindrical robot arm, suitable for laboratory applications. Optional electric or pneumatic grippers or vacuum pickup. Cartesian Robots R15 system Custom designed Cartesian Robots up to 6 axes. Suitable for automated assembly, scanning, polishing, heavy industrial applications. R14 Small custom designed 2 and 3-axis Cartesian Robots. Sierra Tango Robotics dot com site map Company About Us Why Choose Us Trade Shows & Events Press Releases | Products Products Overview New Products SCARA Robots G1 G3 G6 G10 G20 LS3 LS6 RS3 RS4 6-Axis Robots C3 S5 S5L Modules 1 Axis 2 Axis 3 Axis 4 Axis Controllers RC90 RC180 RC620+ Integrated Options PC Vision Guidance CV1 Vision Guidance Fieldbus Options Expansion I/O (RC620+) Expansion I/O (RC180) Expansion I/O (RC90) .NET Support GUI Builder Security/Audit Log Option Conveyor Tracking Teach Pendant Tool Adapters (Flange/Coupler) | Solutions Our Solutions Automotive Medical Electronic Consumer Industrial Food Lab Automation Solar Packaging | Toolbox Whats Inside Application Videos Product Brochures Case Studies White Papers CAD-3D Files Product Manuals Product Photos | Support Support Overview Customer Service Applications Support Training Training Videos Knowledge Base Software Support | Contact General Contacts Sales & Distributors Request Quote Request Literature 562-290-5910 | home Download Flash Player Here Welcome to EPSON Robots With over 30,000 robots installed in factories throughout the world, many of the top manufacturing companies rely on Epson Robots every day to reduce production costs, improve product quality, increase yields and help increase their bottom line. Epson Robots are well known industry wide for their ease of use, reliability, performance and overall value. With our wide variety of robots and integrated options, Epson provides the Power of Choice to select the right automation products for your next project. Let us show you how your factory can gain the Epson Advantage with industry leading Factory Automation products and solutions. Quote / Literature Request Request a Quote Request Literature Quick Support Knowledge Base CAD Drawings Product Manuals Case Studies Software Updates Videos, Brochures and Photos Application Videos Product Brochures Product Photos Need Help? Customer Service Applications Support "The C3 is a very nice robot. Its smoothness of motion (less vibration) gives it the perception of higher quality vs the Pro Six. Its smaller base, etc frees up extra space..." C3 is our Preferred Technology Selecting the Right Robot Vendor Get a free white paper on how to select the right robot vendor get a free white paper Lunch with a Robot Learn the fundamentals of robot applications in under two hours. REGISTER see a robot in action Come See EPSON Robots at: ATX West Feb 11-13 Anaheim, CA ATX South Apr 15-16 Charlotte, NC view all upcoming tradeshows Company Products Solutions Toolbox Support Contact home 562-290-5910 sign up Copyright ÂŠ EPSON Robots, All Rights Reserved Contact Us: 740-251-4327 Follow Us: Industrial Robotic Robot We Buy Robotic Robot Search Robot Manufacturer ABB Fanuc Kuka Motoman Nachi Panasonic Application Arc Welding Bonding and Sealing Deburring Drilling Grinding Material Handling Mig Welding Painting Automation Palletizing Part Transfer Pick and Place Plasma Cutting Resistance Welding Robotic Assembly Spot Welding Stick Welding Tig Welding Reach Any Reach 0mm (0in) - 500mm (19.69in) 500mm (19.69in) - 1400mm (55.12in) 1400mm (55.12in) - 2000mm (78.74in) 2000mm (78.74in) - 2700mm (106.3in) Payload Any Payload 0kg (0lbs) - 5kg (11.02lbs) 5Kg (11.02lbs) - 10Kg (22.05lbs) 10kg (22.05lbs) - 20kg (44.09lbs) 20kg (44.09lbs) - 50kg (110.23lbs) 50kg (110.23lbs) - 165kg (363.76lbs) Used Robots at Low Prices more than 50%. Learning from space robots Robotics Industry Growing with Used Robots RobotWorx - Used Robot Integrator Robots Help Center Hot Deals Robot Leasing Robot Movies Robot News Robots Applications All Applications Arc Welding Material Handling Painting Automation Guaranteed Quality 100% Guaranteed 168 Inspection Points Used Robot Warranty Reconditioning Robots Buy Used Robots Low Price System Robot Buying Tips Robot Selling Tips We Buy Robots Contact Us | Robotics Education | About Us | Articles | Disclaimer | Links | Employment 370 W Fairground St, Marion, OH 43302 
