 Menu Skip to content Home Music Shows and Events Galleries Photographs Videos Calendar Sponsorship Business Sponsors Individual Sponsors Other Sponsorship Links Contact Us Activities Childrens classes Coaches Halifax ABC Boxing Commitee Location Safety Policies Training Main page ONE TO ONE PRIVATE LESSONS AVAILABLE, CALL MICK ROWE ON 07870 266002 We are now on Twitter, please follow us @HalifaxBoxing Welcome to the website of Halifax Boxing Sports and Fitness Center, we hope you enjoy your visit and return on a regular basis to catch up on any new additions to our site. Club opening times. DAY GROUP TIME Monday Juniors up to age 16 years 6 – 7pm Seniors age 16+ 7 – 8pm Tuesday 6 - 7pm  Carded (competition) boxers 7 - 8pm Wednesday Juniors up to age 16 years 6 – 7pm Seniors age 16+ 7 – 8pm Thursday 7 – 7pm Carded (competiton) boxers 7 – 8pm Friday Juniors up to age 16 years 6 – 7pm Seniors age 16+ 7 – 8pm Saturday 10  – 11am Sunday Open to all age groups experience 12 noon  – 1pm Only £4 Adults £3 Juniors per session. Club History The Halifax Boxing Club was established in October 2002 by Mick Rowe. The Club began in a small lock-up in Old Lane, it quickly became very popular and to gain affiliation to the Amateur Boxing Association (ABA) we moved to our impressive new premises at Ladyship Mills, Old Lane, Ovenden in 2006. Since then, the club has grown from strength to strength and trained many champions. In 2010, we had a junior novice champion, a senior novice champion and an ABA champion and we are very proud of all these achievements and the clubs success to date. The club has just recently gained ABAE Clubmark accreditation that Mick and everyone involved have been working very hard towards. We are very proud to be one of only a few boxing clubs in Yorkshire to recieve this prestigious accolade. Boxing in Schools Halifax Police Boxing Club have been actively working with schools in Calderdale for the past 2 years, with successful programmes in schools including Halifax Grammar, Halifax High and Queensbury, where the children and schools are benefitting greatly from the courses provided. The club has gained the prestigious ABAE Clubmark. Skills and values taught to pupils at our classes include: * Fitness Administration HxABC is a not for profit making organisation run by local volunteers. We have the support of Voluntary Action for Calderdale and particularly thank Mark Burnside for his help. During the last year we have successfully secured sponsorship from a wide variety of sources including The National Lottery and local businesses. We do however need further sponsorship to improve the facilities we are able to offer. Please see our Sponsors section for further information. Our Aims The boxing sport and fitness club is situated in an area that government statistics reveal has a very high level of depravation. We aim to provide activities that will particularly appeal to children, adolescents, women and young adults within the local area. We believe the training provided is amongst the best available for improving fitness with consequent improvement in health and well being. For more details please see the Activities and Training pages. The Story So Far The boxing club caters mainly for children aged 9 and above, adolescents, women and young adults. Sessions available include boxercise (women only) 16 years 16+ and a separate section for boxers. Most people attending the club do so to improve fitness or look good; they are not under pressure to compete. However, our boxers have had great success in competition winning two thirds of their bouts. One became a Yorkshire Senior Novice finalist at his first attempt. The Future? Our premises have significant potential as a venue for a variety of other sporting and leisure activities that could benefit the local community. When sponsorship becomes available we hope to widen the scope of activities to include Spinning, Weight Training, Pool and other leisure activities. Latest Video Title Halifax Amateur Boxing Club #1 Runtime 4:14 Description The Halifax Boxing Club was established in October... News Headlines David Vera Fighters of the Night Great first fight night of the season Eleven Halifax boxers and two guest bouts. David Senior fighter of the night. and Junior boxer of the night in her first ever fight Vera against an opponent with two fights. What a great performance Vera. The whole club is so proud!!!! ﻿Another win for Dale in York Dale wins by knockout in York Thursday night. Body shot in the first round . Well done Bomber Dale. Jack Sellars wins in Liverpool. Jack Sellars wins in Liverpool. Semi finals here we come. Halifax boxing club. Well done HXABC Sports Club of the Year 2013. Coach hardWin Easy Well done HXABC sports club of the year. Jack sellers wins in Sunderland Jack sellers wins in Sunderland. Well done jack. Great performance, Also Kyle Scully what a great fight against a lad with 38 fights 35 wins made him look easy. Honour loyalty.     www.peaksportsnutrition.com Widget Ready This left column is widget ready! Add one in the admin panel. Widget Ready This center column is widget ready! Add one in the admin panel. Widget Ready This right column is widget ready! Add one in the admin panel. WordPress . sporty theme by Ossie.   
