 Home Boxing Training Boxing Training Routines Boxing Training Equipment Boxing Skills Footwork Punching Head Punching Body Body Movement Defense Analysis Foundation Recent Members About Subscribe Close Send My FREE Videos and Reports Please! * indicates required Email Address * First Name Do You want to Learn How to Box? Do you want access to a highly effective and reliable way of - Building genuine punching power - Generating blinding speed - Forming crushing strength and endurance All at ZERO COST to you? Time to Experience REAL Boxing Training! About Me M y name is Fran Sands and Im the founder of MyBoxingCoach.com. I first walked into a boxing gym at the age of 6 (back in 1978) and have never really left. After a career consisting of 60 contests I became a boxing coach in 1997. Since then I have put in place the right boxing training regimes to enable a host of boxers achieve success. In 2010 I founded the MyBoxingCoach website. The site has gone from strength-to-strength, with those who have an interest in using boxing as part of an all-round fitness regime reaping real rewards from the vast resource of FREE and professional quality videos and articles. Now I am able to help you reach your goals by way of delivering to you a set of super-effective boxing training video drills . These drills are the REAL DEAL that I have used in the gym for many years, and they cannot fail to help you develop your boxing skills. About The Video Drills T here a 6 highly structured and focused boxing footwork and movement drills that I will send to you. I will explain to you exactly how to incorporate these drills into a simple boxing training session . The drills start simple and build-in the right level of complexity so that you can develop at exactly the right pace. I will explain to you the 3 techniques used by elite boxers to move in and out with control and precision. These techniques I call The Staple, The Closer and The Stinger. I also provide insights on the vital principle of combining boxing skills, giving you a logical and easy-to-follow approach to link boxing footwork with head movement . These boxing training drills will form the basis of an authentic, precise and lung-busting boxing training regime that will enable you to amaze yourself with your accelerated progress. How These Drills Will Help You E ven though you might be using boxing training purely to establish a great level of all-round fitness, technical excellence in boxing training is critically important and something that you should strive for. This is because maintaining technical discipline for the duration of a round is incredibly tough. Your boxing training session will be more intense , challenging and therefore more effective in terms of your fitness levels. The drills will allow you to: Get the boxing basics right 95% of what elite fighters do are the basics , they just do them very well. These boxing training drills will instil the basics and allow you to build upon them in a structured and sensible way. Build super-effective footwork a great boxing stance and great footwork . These drills will enable you to remain fight effective for every second of every round, giving you the ability to significantly increase your punch rate . Get a true foundation for power punching Real power punching is more about technique than it is about muscles or body weight! A well-trained boxer will often punch much harder than a non-boxer who is significantly heavier and physically stronger. Benefit from slick balance and precise movement No more stumbling around in your shadow boxing or heavy bag work . You can move to the next level of capability with high quality skills! turbo-charge your boxing training session ! Send My FREE Videos and Reports Please! * indicates required Email Address * First Name But it doesnt end there! You also get 2 Top Reports Southpaw Versus Orthodox Explained! When two boxers meet in the ring, a key factor in the tactics used is whether they are left-handed or right-handed, that is southpaw or orthodox. In this report I describe in detail the benefits of each type of stance and what happens when they meet. There are insights on tactics, patterns of movement, lines of attack and key boxing combinations. Whether you are a southpaw or an orthodox, this report will really expand your knowledge and increase your capability! 10 Equipment Essentials For Boxing Success! Get the low down on the 10 pieces of basic equipment that I consider would constitute a great home boxing gym. From boxing gloves to heavy bags, from maize bags to motivation aids and hand wraps, its all in there. I give you advice for buying and using the boxing equipment that you are looking for. Impartial views with an emphasis on affordability and practicality, this report will give you everything you need to support your boxing training. Enter Your Email Below Lets Get Started! Send My FREE Videos and Reports Please! * indicates required Email Address * First Name I look forward to hearing from you soon and we can start this journey together. I make no false promises, I make no exaggerated claims. This is quite simply PROPER BOXING COACHING . If you have any questions or would like further information, leave a comment below or email me at fran@myboxingcoach.com Comments on this entry are closed. Get smart with the Thesis WordPress Theme from DIYthemes. WordPress Admin 
