 Home Boxing Blog Becoming a Boxer Preparing to Box Boxing Basics Boxing Training How to Punch Boxing Combinations Boxing Defense Boxing Tips Boxing Gear Body Workouts Weight Training Conditioning Nutrition Boxing News MMA How to Kick Weight Classes Product Reviews Boxing Advice Elderly Exercise Gym Locator Boxing Links Workout Music Fighting Cancer Disclaimer-Privacy Contact Us Your Story [ ? ]Subscribe To This Site Do you want to learn how to box? Welcome to Boxing for Life! This site is dedicated to teach individuals how to box, and to give back to the sport that has helped change my life. Here you will learn the basics of how to box and train. How many times have you flipped through the channels and caught yourself stopping to tune in to a scene from one of the Rocky movies? I, too, got caught up in the movie's theme of hard work and determination prevailing over all. As with most kids Rocky was the reason I got involved in the sport of boxing. Every time I would watch one of the movies I would find myself outside training to the soundtrack. What fascinated me the most was Rocky's pure determination to go the extra round. Even more impressive was the shape that Sylvester Stallone was in for the movies. It would not sink in until much later that boxing and conditioning is hard work. Everyone wants to either learn how to throw a punch or dodge one. However there is far more to boxing, such as getting your body ready and conditioned for what boxing is about to do to it.  Here you will learn the basics of boxing, from how to throw the common jab, cross, and hook, to learning proper form for push-ups, squats, pull-ups and chin-ups. Boxing exercises and weight training are just as important as learning to punch. This might seem overwhelming at first, but I have broken the site down into different steps ranging from beginner boxing tips all the way through advance boxing training works outs. Throughout these sessions you will begin learning how to box one step at a time. You will not only learn to box, but also how to condition your body. Soon this will become something that you look forward to. Learning to box will take time and a lot of effort. We will provide you the tips and tricks on everything you will need to know at no cost. It will not be an easy task but nothing good ever comes easy. Simply follow the on-site navigation bar on the left hand side of your screen in the order listed to progress through the program. I would like to personally be the first to welcome you to your one-stop shop on how to box. Good luck and good training.  Tyler Table of Content Boxing For Life Blog The boxing for life blog will keep you up to speed on all the latest changes on the site. Becoming a boxer Learn what it takes to becoming a boxer. preparing to box Preparing to Box outlines all of the basics a beginner will need to get involved in the sport of boxing Boxing basics This covers the boxing basics from how to throw your first punch to simple boxing drills you can do at home. boxing training Here I will discuss boxing training and how to approach it. How to Punch Here you will how to punch learning all of the basic boxing strikes. Boxing Combinations Here I have laid out some great boxing combinations with instructional videos. No fight is won by simply throwing the same punch over and over again this is why combinations are important. boxing defense Boxing defense is just as important as the offensive side so here we cover the basics. Boxing routine This is a sample boxing routine Sparring This page is an introduction to sparring discussing what sparring entails and what to expect. boxing tips Here you will find some great boxing tips to help start off your boxing training. boxing gear A quick look at what boxing gear you will need to get started. basic workouts Basic workouts to help increase strength without weights Boxing weight training Here we discuss boxing weight training and its importance for boxing. Advanced conditioning We will focus more on Advanced conditioning to prepare fighter to get into fighting shape. nutrition Nutrition plays a key role in your training and diet. Following good nutrition tips can lead to a healthier you. Boxing news Get your boxing news and anylsis here get the boxing for life take on the fight world. MMA In the world of combat sports MMA is an upcoming phenomena. Learn what it takes to get involved in the world of MMA. How To Kick Learn how to kick with this easy to follow guide with demonstrational videos weight classes weight classes HIIT training An introduction to HIIT (High intensity interval training) and its uses in boxing. Plyometrics An introduction to plyometrics and how they can benefit you. Boxing product reviews Read are boxing product reviews before making any major purchases. This will greatly decrease your chance of buying an inefficient product. boxing advice Free boxing advice have a question simply ask the boxing community googlee7e9931a02817a44 googlee7e9931a02817a44 The evolution of boxing Long time boxing coach Jim Thorpe has written an article in regards to the changing of boxing over the years. Jim Thorpe Here we offer the biography of our promoted boxing coach and writter Jim Thorpe. Promoted coaches A list of promoted boxing coaches who have given so much back to the sport. Evergel Glove wraps review This page has been dedicated to the review of the Evergel glove wraps. elderly exercise Aging is something we all must face. Here you will learn about elderly exercise and it's benefits. gym locator gym locator is the boxing for life database of gyms and trainers. boxing links boxing links Work out music Music really allows an athlete to bring their training to a new level. Let us share the work out music we listen to. fighting cancer My personal experience with cancer and my challenge to help those fighting cancer. Disclaimer-Privacy This is the disclaimer/privacy page covering all liabilities for boxing for life.com. contact us Contact us let us know what we can do to help you have a better experience at our website. Why Boxing Tell us why boxing what made you want to learn to box or what made you begin Boxing mouth guards Welcome to the boxing mouth guards page where you can learn about the importance of mouth guards and the major types. © Copyright 2008 all rights reserved. SBI! 
