 MAGIC SHOW DISAPPEARING :: CHANGED :: THE BACK ROOM :: MAGIC SHOP :: LISTINGS MANIPULATION: DISAPPEARING _____ CARDS: CHANGED Chris Van Bern's Colour Change Handling THE BACK ROOM: INSIDE OUT MAGIC SHOP Magic Auction Empire Magic LISTINGS THE ALL MAGIC GUIDE ALLMAGIC.COM :: ROBINSON WIZARD, INC. Hobbies & Games Magic & Illusion Search Learn Magic Balloon Animals Pro Magic Share Must Reads Magic Tricks for Kids Learn The Best of the Easy Tricks Learn to Make Balloon Animals Read About Famous Magicians The Best Card Magic Tricks Guide since 2005 Wayne Kawamoto About.com Magic & Illusion Sign up for My Newsletter My Bio Headlines Browse Topic Easy Magic Tricks Magic 101 Online Magic Tricks Cards, Cards, Cards How to Make Balloon Animals Close-Up Magic (No Cards) REVIEWS:Tricks, DVDs, Books Stage & Stand-Up Magic Famous Magicians Mind-Reading & Mentalism Magic in the Media Magic Clubs - Conventions Magic Venues Magic History Magic Pros and Amateurs Magic Tricks for Kids Easy Magic Tricks Especially for Kids Magic tricks for kids have to be simple to learn and perform and employ materials that kids and parents have around the house. Read More Tricks Are For Kids Magic Tricks for Kids: The Necklace Magic Tricks for Kids: The Vanishing Bead Magic Tricks for Kids: Sawing a Lady in Half Learn Balloon Animals How to Make a Jester Hat How to Make a Monkey Balloon Getting Started in Magic If you are just starting out in magic, here's where you can find easy beginning tricks and read tips on how to learn and perform magic. Read More Choosing Magic Tricks Five Biggest Mistakes by Beginners The Best Easy Magic Tricks for Kids Magic & Illusion Spotlight 10 Why Be Different? Monday February 24, 2014 Should Your Magic Stand Out From Others? Magician Jason Alan Greenmyer , a corporate entertainer, recently discussed in his blog how many magicians perform the same material. "The magic world is full of floating tables, bowling ball illusions and other tricks that everyone is doing," says Greenmyer in his blog. "Why are you doing it then? What does it say about you? What are you expressing with this trick? ...Show yourself onstage, not someone else!" You can read the blog here . More Reading : Please Stop Performing the "Bra Trick" Why Are Beginning Magicians So Over-Confident? Watching Magic-Guidelines for Magicians The Five Biggest Mistakes Made by Beginning Magicians Comments (0) Permalink Share Review of SansMinds Sharpie Saturday February 22, 2014 On the Mark Sharpie? Is the "SansMinds Sharpie" "game-changing" as the ads state? I don't think I'm giving too much away when I explain that this gimmicked Sharpie is one that writes with a temporary ink. You can use the SansMinds Sharpie to write on the skin of a spectator or on your own skin, and later erase the mark with your slightly moistened thumb or finger. The SansMind Sharpie looks like a real Sharpie and even features a subtle, but distinctive marking so you can easily tell it apart from your regular Sharpies. Magic With Drawing Power In my evaluation, the Sharpie worked as it should. I could draw on my skin and the ink would dry and seem to be permanent when rubbed with a dry finger. With some moisture on my finger, I could then rub away the ink. I had a problem with the ink tending to smear as it was erased. But I think that with practice and use, one can become adept at effectively working with the ink. What's In It? The SansMinds Sharpie does what its producer says it will. I agree that moving marks around on a spectator's skin can result in some powerful magic. As a I performer, however, I'm not inclined to touch the hands and arms of my spectators, but I can see using this pen on my own skin. More Reading Review of Prospect by SansMinds Review of Change by SansMinds Review of OCD Deck by Andrew Gerard and SansMinds Review of Unwritten by SansMinds Comments (1) Permalink Share Restaurant Promo Video - Wayne Kawamoto Thursday February 20, 2014 So what have I been up to lately? Trying to take advantage of my restaurants' social media presence, here's the first video You can watch the video here More Reading : Music Video of My Card Magic Anatomy of a Magic Music Video "Gangnam Style" Magic Comments (0) Permalink Share Review of World's Greatest Silk Magic volume 2 Tuesday February 18, 2014 As mentioned in my review of the related "World's Greatest Silk Magic volume 1" (click here Silk Magic Henry Evans I like the cut and restored handkerchief taught by Karrell Fox Winners Steve Dacri's take on "sucker" silk to egg. This stage/stand up effect is worth the price of admission. Another fantastic stage/stand up effect comes in Paul Potassy's Sympathetic Silks. This routine was originally taught on his excellent "The World-Renowned Magic of Paul Potassy" DVD and it's a powerful. I liked it when I reviewed the original DVD some years back and I like it now (click here Mugging for the Camera Bob Read The "World's Greatest Magic" DVDs are reasonably priced. If there's a routine that sounds good to you, I think this DVD can be worth it. Comments (0) Permalink Share See More Free Magic & Illusion Newsletter! Sign Up Explore Magic & Illusion Must Reads Magic Tricks for Kids Learn The Best of the Easy Tricks Learn to Make Balloon Animals Read About Famous Magicians The Best Card Magic Tricks Most Popular The Best Easy Card Magic Tricks for Beginners... Easy Magic Tricks That You Can Learn and... Worlds Best Easy Card Trick Easy Magic Tricks for Young Kids to Learn and... The Top Ten Magicians of Our Time Free Magic & Illusion Newsletter! Sign Up By Category Easy Magic Tricks Magic 101 Online Magic Tricks Cards, Cards, Cards How to Make Balloon Animals Close-Up Magic (No Cards) REVIEWS:Tricks, DVDs, Books Stage & Stand-Up Magic Famous Magicians Mind-Reading & Mentalism Magic in the Media Magic Clubs - Conventions Magic Venues Magic History Magic Pros and Amateurs Magic & Illusion About.com Hobbies & Games Magic & Illusion Most Popular Latest Articles RSS Advertise on About.com Our Story News SiteMap All Topics Reprints Help Write for About Careers at About User Agreement Ethics Policy Patent Info. Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices and Cookie Policy 2014 About.com. All rights reserved. Free Web Hosting Provider Web Hosting E-commerce High Speed Internet Free Web Page Search the Web Welcome! Close Would you like to make this site your homepage? It's fast and easy... Yes, Please make this my home page! No Thanks Don't show this to me again. Close The Learned Pig Project Online Repository of Magic Books and Documents Wouldn't you like to have the following magic books? Welcome to The Learned Pig Project Click here to apply for membership Weird Gene's Download Area The Chang Archives Apply for membership now. home contact link to us free xbox 360 free nintendo dsi awards downloads login Home Videos Shop Resources News Auction a d v e r t Links page back online June 24 2004, 12:48 am Chris Pentrix June 24 2004, 12:22 am Pentrix - http://www.pentrix.com/ Chris Video Available... April 19 2004, 05:50 pm http://magicftp.zigwebdesign.co.uk/files/ . Chris Website Offline April 19 2004, 05:45 pm Chris Derron Brown - Pure Effect January 18 2003, 11:19 pm Yes, after a long while, this book has come back into print and will soon be available for you to get your mits on! MagicTricks.co.uk for only £29.99! Chris Shop Subscribe / Renew iGenii for iPad (free) Genii Books iGenii Login to iGenii Activate iGenii iGenii for iPad (free) iGenii Instructions Free Samples Forum Advertise Help Activate iGenii Change of Address Contact Us About Genii History Contact Us Kaufman Co. SPECIAL OFFERS Subscribe / Renew Contact Magicpedia BACK ISSUES 2013 2012 2011 2010 1936-2008 Featured Posts March 2014 Over 70 Years of Genii Free All of the Talisman for $15 Hijack Houdini! 2014 February 2014 Inside the Mind of Dr. Sawa. Continue Reading 2014 January 2014 Wonderful Because Mysterious: The 13th Los Angeles Conference on Magic History by Dustin Stinett Continue Reading Older Entries Subscribers Log in to iGenii Activate iGenii iGenii Instructions Change Address Renew / Upgrade Genii Forum Buzz â¢ Re: Highlight of this Years Blackpool Gala Show Buzz â¢ Re: The Return of Stephen Hobbs! Reference Room â¢ the animation feature Buzz â¢ Re: Magic Castle Happenings â The Good Stuff (February 2014) Buzz â¢ Re: Has anyone succeeded Cards by Martin? MagicPedia Walt Anthony Tales of Enchantment: The Art of Magic NYPL Digital Gallery Rudolf Heuer Jordan Gomez Greg Wilson About Genii Genii, The Conjurors' Magazine, is the premier magazine published today in the world of magic. It's the most respected and has the best articles, tricks, and reviews. With free cutting-edge digital enhancements for all subscribers, including its monthly online edition, plus digital access to all 75 years of back issues online, if you're even remotely interested in learning not just how to do magic, but also about the world of magic and magicians, you can't afford not to receive Genii each month. Subscribe and Shop Subscribe or Renew Books DVDs Special Offers 2014 Genii, The Conjurors Magazine. All Rights Reserved. No image, artwork, or text from these pages may be reproduced in any form without the written permission of The Genii Corporation. I Saw That! Exclusive Magic Magic books and tricks with the accent on presentation Skip to content Home Shop Magic Articles Tricks Presentations Book Reviews Reading Lists Blog Contact About Search for: Tweet Previous Next Permanent Exhibits: Comments are closed. Follow / Subscribe: Join our mailing list: The latest... Emotional intelligence Foreword from book A Bizarre Seven Keys Presentation Eerie Seven Keys Mixing magic and mentalism It may not be such a bad idea after all Transcending the circus "This is who I am" beats "Look what I can do" Book launch party at Browsers Den Book launch party May 5 Sitemap Close Ad Shhh....don't let the secret out. Don't let them know that I got: Something up my sleeves I would like to take a minute to welcome you all to my site, Or I guess I should call it your site, as that is the purpose of it. The reason I started this site is to give magicians (of all levels) around the globe a chance to meet, talk, and share ideas and thoughts about the magic community. So please look around, everything on this site is free so spend some time and have some fun.... To get started click on one of the icons on the right and prepare to delve into the various realms of magic: From close-up to huge stage productions, I hope all who pass can find something that will catch their interest and possibly even teach them a thing or two. Enjoy.... Sincerly Erik M. Grubb (DemiTass) Wanna learn more about me?? Then come inside and we will form bonds tighter than a 1970's basketball uniform. Also a way to get your profile on the web...For FREE, check it out. Enter here to read notes posted by other magicians or post one yourself. Also available is a chat room where one and all can share insights. Magicland: If you like magic, you gotta check this site out. Chock full of tricks(beginner through expert), lots of magicians and an open forum. The site is put together well and is one of the best I have found so far...good job guys! Hey, got questions, suggestions, or all around nonsense for me?? Or if you wanna be kept updated on new additions to this site...then drop me a line at: magicbyerik@angelfire.com Welcome to CAIN's Magical Site, where all things magical and mystical may be found! Meet professional magician and wizard Ron Cain , who se Magic Shows and Classes bring fantasy and fun to audiences of all ages. Shop for magic tricks, mystical items and fun novelties in CAIN's Magic Mystery Shop. Download pdf of brochure Join Ron Cain on A Magical Trip to the Titanic, a magic show that commemorates the 100th anniversary of the ship's sinking in 1912. Children help him perform tricks that depict life on the jewel of the White Star Line. Illusions also feature historical figures and highlight elements of the tragedy that led to safety improvements. Optimystical Insights Magical Beings Monsterology The Many Magical Faces of Ron Cain Member of The International Brotherhood of Magicians and The Society of American Magicians Magical Home Magical Entertainment Magic Mystery Shop Magical People Monsterology Optimystical Insights About Us Contact Us Customer Service Copyright 2000 through 2007 all pages on www.magicalsite.com by The CAIN Company: Creative Arts Illusions Novelties . All rights reserved. Fun family entertainment for wizards of all ages. Magic News Magician John Tudor to Teach Childrens Magic Workshop at CCT, 3/8 Broadway World Magician John Tudor to Teach Childrens Magic Workshop at CCT, 3/8 Hes magical ! Hes mystical! And your child can be too, when Columbia Childrens Theatre (CCT) presents John Tudors Magic Workshop for Kids, Saturday, March 8, from 1:00 - 4:00 p.m. ... Local Magic Man Performed for Madonna, Named Magician of the Year Miami New Times (blog) His father was a costume designer and his mother a professional dancer, so its almost as if Mio Rodriguez was destined to be a performer. His father also dabbled in magic , yknow, the occasional trick. When I was seven years old, he would sit me on ... March begins with magic Wausau Daily Herald A magician -in-residence at the Woodson Art Museum in early March enlivens two Mystery, Magic Mayhem exhibitions on view through April 6. âFrom Houdini to Hugoâ? comprises drawings and paintings by childrens author and illustrator Brian Selznick, and ... Magicians send your press release to the wizard at the bottom of this page. Party Tips: Providing a guest book can be much fun and help make the party memorable. Don't be afraid to put out a guest book and invite your partiers to sign-in as they arrive. A little Magic History: more history Siegfried & Roy opened at The Mirage in Las Vegas, February 1st, 1989. Monty as he appeared in the Honolulu Advertiser when he first opened Monty's Magic Theater. Tips for Magicians: Volunteering for non-for-profit venues Volunteer to do your magic show for non-for-profit organizations as often as you can; its the best way to gain experience and to make yourself known. Hospitals, care homes, charity fundraisers and schools can give you a lot of "free" promotion. Magical Creatures: Simurgh first started out as a lion-bodied bird but eventually turned all bird. Simurgh is said to live at the Tree of Knowledge whose branches have the seed of every plant that has ever existed. This Persian bird is believed to have a magical touch that heals on contact, and have seen the world destroyed and created three times, thus having the knowledge of every age that has existed. Simurgh is said to be so large it can carry an elephant. It is also known to take children to nurse or adopt. Element Encyclopedia of Magical Creatures Secrets to magic: MontysMagic.com wizard10@montysmagic.com We love feedback. Send us an email and tell us what you think. binocular repair binocular repair instructions leica repair Classic and Antique Camera repair magic tricks Mardi 25 Février 2014 votre pub ici Accueil Actualités Agenda Débuter Rencontrer Découvrir Patrimoine new!!! beta Entrez le mot cl ou le nom du magicien que vous recherchez A ne pas manquer : Bich, Garrett, Thomas! Autre actualité - (Mercredi 22 Janvier 2014) Venez assister à une journée exceptionnelle pour le premier MMCM organisé en France.Venez découvrir 3 magiciens différents, 3 conférences inédites lors d'une journée extraordinaire.Que vous soyez magiciens ou mentalistes, amateurs ou professionnels, ne manquez pas cette occasion exceptionnelle de rencontrer 3 grands ... Creative Magic Meeting Conférence - (Dimanche 2 Mars 2014) Venez assister à une journée exceptionnelle pour le premier MMCM organisé en France.Venez découvrir 3 magiciens différents, 3 conférences inédites lors d'une journée extraordinaire.Que vous soyez magiciens ou mentalistes, amateurs ou professionnels, ne manquez pas cette occasion exceptionnelle de rencontrer 3 grands ... SCOOP. Citrick est enfin disponible ! Le fameux tour du billet dans le citron... Mais avec un citron parfaitement examinable !Vous pouvez visionner et commander à cette adresse :  ... Souscription Anthologie II : Luke Jermay ! Magie à la ferme - festival Avignon 2013 - Baboun et Gounico Une journée au zoo - Festival Avignon 2013 - Baboun Le grenier magique de Lili - festival Avignon 2013 - Gounico Martial dans La Malle Enchantée - FESTIVAL AVIGNON 2013 Gilles Arthur et sa sa Drôle de Magie à l'Olympia Lundi 21 Avril 2014 Gilles Arthur et sa troupe de magiciens fous vous attendent à l'Olympia le lundi 21 avril 2014 à 20 Heures pour un spectacle de magie où originalité et humour s'acoquineront pour le meilleur. Au ... Interviews - Jerome Helfenstein un jeune magicien professionnel qui collectionne déjà de nombreux prix magiques aussi bien scène... Interviews - Théo Dari : Le révolutionnaire Une rencontre avec Théo est comme un voyage dans le temps. Un artiste norme,... Interviews - David Stone : le rebelle David Stone est parmi les numéros 1 de ventes de vidéos sur la des... Parlons Magie... Mon MagicZooM Un problème d'inscription ? Pas encore inscrit ? Dernières infos Agenda - Actualités Poster une actualité Poster un évènement Les débats MagicZooM Derniers commentaires Poster une news Flash! Magiciens Compte rendus new!!! Articles Critiques Interviews Tours de magie Débutants Découvrir la magie Conseils pour débuter Histoire de la magie Rencontrer des magiciens Livres Vidéos - DVD Magazines et revues La magie sur Internet Clubs Cours Magasins de magie Les services MZ MZ en page de dmarrage! Recommandez ce site! Ecrire au Webmaster S'incrire à la newsletter Protection de la vie privée Multimoteur CopyRight Tous contenus déposés : -- -- - - Advertise Submit News RSS Feed Podcast Feed Email Home Search Twitter Advertise Submit News RSS Feed Podcast Feed Email Home Search Twitter Top Advertise Submit News RSS Feed Podcast Feed Email Home Search Twitter Social Links Twitter Facebook YouTube Google Talk FriendFeed Recent Stories: View RSS feed Most Popular Podcast Episodes Brian Brushwood Michael Ammar Neil Patrick Harris Mac King Johnny Thompson Tony Curtis Jim Steinmeyer Wonder Thunder Episode #1 : Why saw a woman in half? What is the connection between a deck of cards the calendar. Remote card location. Episode #2 : Espionage, jealousy murder among magicians. Adam calls his arch nemesis Richard Vegas. Episode #3 :The first aircraft pilot down under was a magician and a live random number challenge via phone. Episode #4 : Bar stunts, Alice Cooper as a magician and magic used in pop concerts. Magic Network iTricks Genii Forums Magic Cafe Magic Talk Magic Convention Guide Brian Brushwood Irish Magic News Street of Cards Adam Mada Time To Be Awesome The New TOPS Little Egypt Weekly Magic Failure Thursday Jan 16 2014 ARE BLACK DUDES BLOWN AWAY BYMAGIC? Aziz Ansari says, "Yes!" Print Article | Email Article | Permalink | Share Article Dodd Vickers | Thursday, January 16, 2014 at 07:10PM | Post a Comment Wednesday Jan 15 2014 THE MAGIC WIZARD OFVINE These days, if you aren't involved in social media, you're behind the eight ball. First it was MySpace, then Facebook , then Twitter and now it is Vine . Well, thanks to Jonathan Townsend , we can introduce you to Vine's Magic Wizard , Zach King . If we could only do this without Final Cut. Enjoy! Print Article | Email Article | Permalink | Share Article Dodd Vickers | Wednesday, January 15, 2014 at 05:20PM | Post a Comment Wednesday Jan 15 2014 IS THERE NOSHAME? These Turkish performers appearing on one of the many America's Got Talent style shows that has popped up all over the world, claim to create their own routines. I wonder what Jeff McBride, David Copperfield, Mac King Tenn and Teller would hve to say about that. What do you think? Print Article | Email Article | Permalink | Share Article Dodd Vickers | Wednesday, January 15, 2014 at 02:18PM | Post a Comment Monday Jan 13 2014 MNW337 :: DAVIDROTH As I begin the 2014 season of the Magic Newswire's "Spirit of Magic" podcast, I am thrilled to introduce you to the Master in Residence of the Conjuring Arts Research Center, the amazing David Roth. In this first in an ongoing series of conversations, David will discuss a wide array of topics including the relevance of magic with coins at a time where the quarter is the largest coin that most Americans will be familiar with; Dai Vernon's circumcision ; the Spaghetti Sessions ; the identities of the El Cerrito Seven and so much more. Of Roth, Dai Vernon is quoted as saying, " "First let me state that David Roth has an amazing ability when performing with coins. He is truly a genius. I have been fortunate to have enjoyed the confidence and friendship of the leading exponents of coin manipulation of the past. T. Nelson Downs , Allan Shaw, Manuel and Welch Miller all specialized in this branch of the magical art. To the very best of my judgment, Davids ideas and execution far surpass any one of them. I feel quite certain that if they could witness his performance they would not only be astounded but realize that they had seen the master." LISTEN TO MY CONVERSATION WITH DAVID ROTH: OTHER WAYS TO LISTEN: ITUNES MP3 HTML 5 PLAYER :: Print Article | Email Article | Permalink | Share Article Dodd Vickers | Monday, January 13, 2014 at 04:11PM | Post a Comment Saturday Jan 11 2014 SCOTT LEWIS KILLED IN BALCONYFALL From an article appearing in the Daily Mail, I have learned that Hypnosit Scott Lewis , a member of the Illusionists 2.0 touring show, has daied ater a fall from the 11th floor balcony of his Pyrmonth Apartment in Sydney. Illusionists 2.0 opened at the Sydney Opera House on Thursday of last week. Police say that they have ruled aout any suspicious circumstances. Speing with the Associated Press , show producer Tim Lawson said: "The company is deeply saddened by the sudden loss of Dr. Lewis," Lawson said in a statement. "The entire company has decided to continue the show in his honor, and send our heartfelt condolences to his family and friends," he added. Sydney Opera House said in a statement that Lewis "was a wonderful performer and he will be greatly missed." Print Article | Email Article | Permalink | Share Article Dodd Vickers | Saturday, January 11, 2014 at 10:49AM | 5 References | Post a Comment Monday Jan 06 2014 COPPERFIELD ANNOUNCESENGAGEMENT In a recent interview with the UK magazine " Hello ," David Copperfield, after being asked about his relationshipin the 1990's with super model Caludia Schiffer said: "That was a long time ago. I'm engaged and in a committed relationship with Chloe in my mind and my heart." David met French model and designer Chloe Goesslin six years ago and she is the mother of their three year old daughter, Sky. Print Article | Email Article | Permalink | Share Article Dodd Vickers | Monday, January 6, 2014 at 10:36PM | Post a Comment Monday Dec 30 2013 THE WISDOM OFTHIEVES Print Article | Email Article | Permalink | Share Article Dodd Vickers | Monday, December 30, 2013 at 10:38AM | Post a Comment Saturday Dec 28 2013 GETSCAMBUSHED! Magician and Master Con Artist Gregory Wilson stars in a new hidden camera show on the Travel Channel as he and his team of "Grifters" show the unsuspecting public how to avoid being conned and swindled. Watch a preview below and catch two back to back premier episodes on Sunday December 29th, 2013 at 7 7:30pm: Print Article | Email Article | Permalink | Share Article Dodd Vickers | Saturday, December 28, 2013 at 10:21PM | Post a Comment Thursday Dec 26 2013 IS THE ANTICONJUROR REALLY SANTACLAUS? Dan Sperry THIS LINK Print Article | Email Article | Permalink | Share Article Dodd Vickers | Thursday, December 26, 2013 at 11:07PM | Post a Comment Thursday Dec 12 2013 CONJURING ARTS PRESENTS: THEPIDDINGTONS Our friends over at the Conjuring Arts Research Center are continuously deliving amazing content. Among their recent exehibitions is a vintage recording of a husband and wife mentalism team. From ConjuringArts.org : Heres a full recording of The Piddingtons a husband and wife team who gained worldwide fame performing a telepathy routine that bordered on the supernatural. You can find out more about them by reading the fascinating biographical piece that Barry Wiley contributed to our historical journal Gibecire, Vol. 8, No. 2. Heres a full recording of The Piddingtons a husband and wife team who gained worldwide fame performing a telepathy routine that bordered on the supernatural. You can find out more about them by reading the fascinating biographical piece that Barry Wiley contributed to our historical journal Gibecire, Vol. 8, No. 2. Print Article | Email Article | Permalink | Share Article Dodd Vickers | Thursday, December 12, 2013 at 10:46PM | Post a Comment 1 2 3 4 5 ... 174 Terms of Service & Privacy Policy Disclaimer Menu: Card Tricks Coin Tricks Street Magic Levitation Tricks Bar Tricks Lucky Dip Tricks Optical Illusions Links Trick Of The Day: Trick Of The Day Latest Trick: Three Card Showdown Welcome: Goodtricks.net is designed as an aid to learning about the exciting world of magic. You will find lots of easy magic tricks to learn at your own speed. Enjoy the site and good luck with your magic tricks. Quick Links: Card Tricks Coin Tricks Card Sleights Coin Sleights Card Forces Site Map Contact Street magic trick methods to empower you with the secrets to do versions of David Blaine's best tricks This chapter of the site teaches levitation spoon bending 2012 www.GoodTricks.Net Andreas Viklund Terms and Conditions Home Random Trick Contact Advertise Coin Folding Trick 26 comments After a longer pause, I'm back with yet another money trick . Money is something we all need , it's just that we never have enough of it. Thats why money tricks are always awesome , just watch out so you don't get into trouble . This one uses coins and not paper money but the effect is the same, your friend loses a buck, and you get a buck. All you need is a piece of paper, one coin (just make sure that the paper is big enough so you can fold it correctly over the coin) and a magic wand or something similar which you will keep in your pocket. You just need to learn how to fold the paper so you can use it right during the trick. The video will show you how to do it as well how to improve your performance . full article... Money Making Trick 6 comments After several rounds of drinks at your local pub with your friends, you could find yourself out of money . But in those cases you could easily impress your good (and a bit drunk :) ) friends by turning normal paper into money. This video details how you do it exactly as you need 5 or more pieces of paper that are cut so they have the same dimensions as the money you are going to turn it in. Also, an idea that I find funny is that, after you pay the tab, your friends might ask you to make more money. But this time use their money (say something like you are gonna multiply it ) and do the reverse version, "destroying" their money into several pieces of paper...Just remember to give it back or you could have trouble with you good (and drunk) friends. full article... Magic Wand Trick 1 comments Now, as a skilled magician , you will probably need a magical wand. But waving it around isn't enough to make it magical, so you will need to learn how to perform some tricks with it . This video shows such basic trick. Even if you don't have a wand yourself, you can easily make one or buy one. Listen closely to the performer as he gives valuable tips on how to do the trick as other valuable information . Also don't forget to send me your own tricks and/or ideas, and I might post them on the site so that everyone can enjoy and perform them. full article... This And That Card Trick 19 comments It's time for another magic trick, and it's a card one . The trick looks simple , but the narrator may try to confuse you with his speech about This'n'that. Ignore him and try to crack the puzzle how did he manage to fool you , because I'm sure he did. He must have held the three different cards from the beginning, but he somehow managed to show us only two of them by clever card manipulation . I advise that after watching it for the first time, you watch it again but put the sound on mute so you can concentrate on only his hand movement. full article... Magic Tricks REVEALED 5 comments After those normal and "serious" tricks and illusionist, I've decided to show you how many of those trick were done . As it may be violating their rights it may not be long before I have to remove this one, so hurry up and watch it for yourself. Because many of the ideas displayed here were so revolutionary, but still too complex for a regular person , the Illusionist (real name Chris Van Den Durpel) was thought to be a real magician and was overwhelmed with calls and E-mails. He was called so he could save from country's in distress to kittens from trees. full article... David Copperfield And The Staute Of Liberty 30 comments Okey, I'm sick again so todays trick is just a video, but not from Criss Angel or some other "illusionist" . It's from, non other, then David Copperfield . This time he doesn't mess with the small, childish tricks, but goes for the big league . He makes the whole Statue of Liberty disappear! Now there are a lot of speculations about how this trick was performed, from fake statue to a rotating platform where the audience was sited. I tried looking for a clue for any possibility but was without luck . Let me hear if you find something. full article... Simple Yet Effective Rope Trick 4 comments I've read in your comments and e-mails how you find this site stagnating and that you want more tricks or that vurdlak returns to managing this place. Well I will try to fulfill your first request with this trick. It is very simple as you only need a rope long enough and two hands. Just tie the ends together so they hold during the trick (so you don't embarrass yourself) and let the magic flow . The video below is very helpful in the demonstration as it shows how it's exactly done and it gives you some ideas to make your performance more original. full article... Criss Angel Cutting A Woman In Half 9 comments As this site grows it becomes harder and harder to bring you new and fresh material. But thanks to you who E-mail me their ideas and tricks, the managing of this site is made allot easier. I've received your tricks , so expect to see them soon on Mighty Magic Tricks. As for todays trick, I've picked another video showing Criss Angel doing what he does best...Cutting people. Note that the video might be disturbing to some people so if you are easily intimidated or have children watching, it's better not to look at it. full article... Optical Illusions Choose Category 3D Chalk Drawings Afterimages Animations Anamorphosis Audio Illusions Billboards Body Paint Celebrities Color Adaptation Dissappearing Effect Escher Style Flickr Photos Google Earth Impossible Objects Multiple Meanings Murals Outdoors Relative Sizes Sand Sculptures Scary Illusions Seemingly Bent Spot The Object Stereograms Tests Toys Transparent Transportation Videos Monthly Archives May 2006 June 2006 June 2007 July 2007 August 2007 August 2008 September 2008 October 2008 Current Posts Illusion Of The Day Facebook App PC Widget Mac Widget Google Gadget Magic Trick Categories Card Tricks Ropes & Handkerchiefs Money Tricks Bar Tricks Body Tricks Disappearing Act David Blaine Criss Angel David Copperfield Masked Magician Illusion Acts Cups & Balls Optical Illusion Categories 3D Chalk Drawings Afterimages Animations Anamorphism Audio Illusions Billboards Body Paint Celebrities Color Adapting Disappearing Effect Escher Style Flickr Photos Google Earth Impossible Objects Multiple Meanings Murals Outdoors Relative Sizes Sand Sculptures Scary Illusions Seemingly Bent Spot The Object Stereograms Tests Toys Transparent Transportation Videos Site Additional Trick of The Day For Google Homepage Tricks Archive May 2006 June 2006 June 2007 July 2007 August 2007 August 2008 September 2008 October 2008 Current Posts Submit Illusion Advertise On This Site Contact About Links RSS Blogger Magician's Network A place of secrets and mysteries. Home Learn Tricks Card Tricks Rope Tricks Levitation tricks Coin Tricks House hold items tricks Silk Tricks Forums Live discussion Members Request a method Announcements Rate my website Questions and Comments Welcome all fellow magicians. At this site, you will be surrounded by others who study the art of legerdemain. You will be able to discuss illusions, share ideas, and perhaps learn a few tricks yourself. This website is open to magicians of all ages, so be ready to experience a vast range of talent levels. If you are interested in this site, also check out Evon: The Website , GoodTricks.net , or Card-trick.com . You don't have to join to view most of the site, but membership is required to post in the forums and to see pages that reveal sleights or other techniques. Please keep profanity and other such unnesessary explitives out of your posts and comments. There may be younger members, please have respect for them. Remember, magic is about secrets, so while you can feel free to divulge yours, don't expect another member to divulge theirs. Also, any secrets given on this website should be kept within the confines of this website. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!!!! Forums The forums page can only be used by registered users of Magician's Network. With that said, please feel free to discuss just about anything you wish. Just make sure it's in the appropriate forum. I must state again that these forumsare viewable to all members.If you wish to send another member a private message regarding a secret, that may be a much more secure way of revealing. To visit the forums page, click here . The Live Discussion forum is another option that is given on this site. It is just as its name suggests:a place where you can have a live conversation with other magicians currently holding a membership to this site. To utilize this live discussion forum click here . Learn Tricks On this page, you canwatch and learn a variety of tricks ranging from card tricks to levitation. You can also learn the sleights necessary to perform them if you are a member. Watch the video to see the trick, and then fill out the Request a Method formand I may show you how it's done. To check out the many tricks and sleights you can learn, click here . To request a method, click here . Anouncements Here, I will announce new advancements and upcoming features of this site. If anyone has anything to say aboutany of my ideas, they can post a comment. To see anouncements, click here . Questions and Comments On this page, anyone with a question about this site may post an entry. Members or guests alike with suggestions, or inquiries can inform me of these on this page. To ask me a question, click here . About the admin I am an amature magician. I taught myself many magic tricks from books and some of my own making. I claim Cards as my specialty, but I am also fairly good with coins. I do a lot of sleight of hand, but can always get better. I'm hoping that through this website, we can all learn from each other and all become much better magicians. If you wish to contact me, I can be reached via my profile. Just send me a private message. a title=Clicky Web Analytics href= http://freewebs.getclicky.com/31337712img alt=Clicky Web Analytics src= http://static.freewebs.getclicky.com/media/links/badge.gif border= / script src= http://static.freewebs.getclicky.com/31337712.js type= img alt= src= http://static.freewebs.getclicky.com/31337712-fwdb4.gif / Welcome Sign In or Register Recent Blog Entries Card Trick Videos Card Tricks and Sleights Card Tricks and Sleights Live Discussion forum Recent Forum Posts No recent posts Send to a friend Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Newest Members ©2006 Create a Free Website Magically Magic Ever wanted to learn magic tricks, know the secrets you shouldn't well here is you chance! Home Demonstrations Download Donate Make Money! A Magical Welcome! Hello and welcome to Magically Magic! The main aim of this site is to provide you with the knowledge of how to entertain and amaze people everywherewith the use ofmagic tricks! This information isready for you to download in the form ofa Adobe Acrobat document (pdf) I have evencompressed the images just for you! Have you ever..... Have you ever seena professional magician on the T.V doing a magic trick that was truly amazing and just stood there and wondered 'how does he do it?'. I know I have. I am giving you theopportunity to learn somebrilliant magic tricksthat will leave them wondering 'how do you do it?'. l Become the magician l Master the art of deception l Know the secrets that you should not l Discover the extraordinaryworld of magic ©2008 Create a Free Website Welcome to The Card Collection. Click the cards to Enter the Store We started selling playing cards over 40 years ago and now have the largest range of cards for magicians in Europe, possibly the world, with over 70 different Bicycle decks and 1400 different packs of cards. Along with these we supply close-up mats, coins, magnets, DVDs, tricks, sponge balls, silks and a vast range of accessories, many unobtainable elsewhere. tis true, theres magic in the web Shakespeare knew, Othello, Act III, Scene IV 2003-2010 The Card Collection. Friday, March 30, 2007 Hello to all Magic - Mania readers.... Here is a link which was sent to me by a friend of a VERY professional and stunning mentalism trick you will definetly want to check out! Here is the link: http://www.card-tricks-now.com/MindReader.html Enjoy, - Magic : Mania - posted by Magic-Mania at 5:29 PM 357 comments Monday, August 14, 2006 Here's a new color change by me, enjoy! Effect: http://youtube.com/watch?v=ME7cdcH00ew Method: http://youtube.com/watch?v=yfhyNVoaUyM Please leave any feedback! Cheers, Magic-Mania posted by Magic-Mania at 12:10 PM 10 comments Thursday, June 01, 2006 Effect: A crisp one dollar bill is shown, the hands are shown to be completely empty, then the magician takes the dollar bill, squeezes it between his fingers, and then reveals it to be, miraculously, a hundred dollar bill!(As shown by Criss Angel and David Blaine on national T.V) HereÂ´s a link to the video performance of this trick: http://www.magical-tricks.com/100billtrick.htm ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Materials: A $1 Bill A $100 Bill Thumb tip ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Preparation: Take the $100 dollar bill. Fold it into a small rectangular piece, small enough to fit inside the thumb tip. Place this in the thumb tip. Wear the thumb tip on the hand you would normally write with. Have the 1$ bill in your pocket or hold it in your hands. ThatÂ´s it...youÂ´re ready! ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Method: This is simply the original version to the Dollar To Hundred trick, I discovered it recently so decided to share it with you all, the previous version was one I came up with when I was trying to figure this trick out. 1. Hold the one dollar bill in the hand that you are wearing the thumb tip on. 2. Hold the dollar bill in such a way that it conceals the thumb entirely thus concealing the tumb tip as well. 3. Introduce the bill,and turn it over and back (hide the thumb tip behind the dollar bill during the movement) Note: Hold Dollar bill with both hands. 4. Fold the dollar bill until its a little rectangular shape. Then place both hands together and conceal both handÂ´s fingers. 5. When the fingers are concealed, use the free thumb of the other hand to slide the thumb tip all the way out,with the thumb which would cause the 100$ bill inside the thumb tip to pop out on your palm. 6. With the thumb that previously wore the thumb tip, jam the 1$ bill inside the thumb tip, and with the jamming, slide your thumb in as well. Thus you end up again wearing the thumb tip. 7. Now you should have the 100$ bill on your finger tip, concealing the thumb tip as well, open the 100$ bill up and show that a 1$ bill has magically turned into a 100$ bill...easy money! Hide the thumb tipwith the hundred dollar bill, as you would be holding the bill fom the hand on which you currently wear the thumb tip. 8. There you go, thats simply the change. I know its a bit confusing, sorry about that, IÂ´m recently working on a video tutorial for the trick, as soon as that is done, IÂ´ll post the link up. After the trick, you can hand out the bill for inspectation. During this time, quickly slide the hand on which you wear the thumb tip (do this move casually) in your pants pocket. Leave the thumb tip their, with the bill and retirve the hand. Their youÂ´re clean. ThatÂ´s simply the trick! ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Advice on Performance: The only advice I can provide you with is try your best to conceal the thumb tip, as much as you possibly can. This trick will require a lot of practice, but that practice is worth it. The main "slow down" in the trick is when you are changing the bills. Professional magicians can do this move very fast becuase of loads of practice. So try your best and practice A LOT! Hope you liked it, and watch out for the tutorial vid! P.S. As promised, here is the link to the video tutorial of the trick.. enjoy! Hope this helps! :D Link: http:â â www.youtube.comâ watch?v@V_CpjgwMVMw P.S. Sorry that I go a little fast.. I was filming this from a digital cam so it could only record until 57 seconds... so I had to go fast! :D ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ posted by Magic-Mania at 3:26 PM 66 comments Tuesday, March 14, 2006 Have you ever wanted a website that ONLY features card tricks, nothing besides that, teaches you all you would need to know about sleights, flourishes, cuts, passes, and BEST OF ALL, TRICKS! Well than, you have found the right post on this site! A newly opened website, by the name of Card Tricks NOW!, has it all, you don't want to miss it. It has card tricks from famous magicians, and very well descriptions of sleights of hand, and best of all its all for FREE! Card Tricks Now: http://www.card-tricks-now.com/ You DON'T want to miss it! This card trick website is new and is till under construction with loads of FREE stuff comming up! This website features: card sleights, card tricks, card trick website links, video magic, FREE Card Trick E-Zine newsletter! Card Tricks Now: http://www.card-tricks-now.com/ What more could you ask for? This is a brillaint website and has it all, so go to Card Tricks, Now! And experience the fun for yourself! Hope you have fun on the website, and let me know what you think! :) posted by Magic-Mania at 10:15 AM 44 comments Monday, March 06, 2006 So, have you been looking for the perfect card, coin or any other magic trick series? Well, now you've come to the right place. In the upcoming posts I will be posting some magic tricks from my very own magic tricks series (VOL. 1 , In the E-BOOK). While you wait for the e-book to come out. I have also decided to send the e-book to people on their wish. This meaning I will ONLY send you the e-book if you send me and e-mail at magic-tricks@hotmail.com saying that yes you will like the e-book and I would really appreciate it in the mean time if you could also right a suggestion for what you probably want in the e-book. Now that done, the Learn TO Amaze magical series. This series is going to be all about magic tricks and basic card, coin handling knowledge. This will, not only help you enhance you magic trick abilites but also make you a better magician, so right now you might want to bookmark Magic-Mania just so you can return every now and then to have your chance at the FREE tricks being released from the Magical Series. The Frst Trick that I am revealing to you is called: Visual Card Melt Now what is this trick about? Just check it out yourself, scroll down and read the trick and its explanation below! *************************************************************** Learn TO Amaze Magic Series- Vol. 1 -The Visual Card Melt- Effect: The spectator is displayed 3 cards. The order of the three cards is as follows: AS, AD, AC. The magician tells the spectator to concentrate on the AD. The magician now turns the cards over (face-down) and squares them up. This done the magician starts rubbing the cards with his/her middle finger and thumb. After this he or she stops. And slowly turns the cards over. The spectators, AD, has visually melted thru the AC and landed in its place, and now the middle card is the AC. This procedure, once repeated, brings the AD back to its original position (in the middle) leaving the AC, in its orignial place (the bottom). An Absolute Baffler! Method: This is a great trick, it doesnÂ´t require any practice whatsoever, but always has the spectator saying: "Huh? How did that happen?" At the end of it, thats your garantee. Now back to the method of this trick: 1. First, take out the AS, AD and the AC from the deck. 2. This done, the rest of the deck can be discarded. 3. Arrange the three aces in the following order:AS, AD and AC. 4. Now tell the spectator to concentrate on the center-most card (the AD). 5. Turn the cards over face-down, and square them up. 6. Place the cards between your middle finger and thumb and start rubbing them (the should go from side-to-side). 7. You will notice, that the "rubbing" is causing the center card (AD) to slip out from between the two black cards. 8. Secretly, grab this ace once it is mostly out (distract the audience with some patter) and slip it to the bottom. (Thus, you have caused the bottom card, AC, to slip to the middle,and now the bottom card is the AD). 9. Stop the rubbing. Square the three cards up, and slowly start to turn them over, give them a one-handed fan and show the audience (or spectator) that the AD is now on the bottom and the AC in the middle. (You can also say: "Hey, look the AD has visually melted thru the AC!" 10. To switch them back to their orignal places, just repeat the rubbing, and switch the middle card (AC) to the bottom of the packet, this caused the AD to return to its original place, the middle, Amazing! Advice on Performance: This is a brillaint effect that has never yet failed to astound my audience, as I preform this trick a lot of times as a "Street Magic trick", me being a street magician. But this trick will work well in any stage show performance, because it will still have the audience amazed at the end, and it doesnÂ´t require any practice (anyway try practicing the rubbing bit before preforming it in front of an audience). I saw this video performance of this magician performing thie Card Melt, and it was on sale for about $12. So I decided to make up my own method on how this trick may work, and I came up with the result above. I know its not much, and I also know it may not give the exact SAME effect as the video performance I saw, but still its very much like that. IÂ´m sorry I donÂ´t have the link to the video performance, but as soon as I do, IÂ´ll be sure to post it on, so you can see how it looks like! In the meanwhile, hope you enjoy the trick. ************************************************************ This is a great trick, always has the spectator gapping at the end! And thats my garantee to you! Try it, it may require a bit of practice but it's still worth it! This is a trick well worth the practice you don't want to miss it! I hope you enjoy this trick, and let me know what you think of it at: magic-tricks@hotmail.com I love to ehar from you, and I will always be prompt to reply to your mails, so don't hesitate at ALL! With Best Regards, Magic-Mania posted by Magic-Mania at 2:06 PM 2 comments Monday, February 20, 2006 Hi, I am Magic-Mania (the owner of the website), and I would like to thank everyone one who signed up to our "Free Weekly Magic Tricks" newsletter. We officially have over 100 members! It's AMAZING! Every week I send you a magic trick (completely FREE) which you can practice and have fun with, once you're done with practicing this trick, check your inbox again for a whole new trick! For more information on The Free Weekly Tricks Newsletter scroll down, and discover how you can also become part of the fun! Now then, that done there is something very important that I'd like to ask of you. I am currently working on a magic trick e-book, which will soon be posted on my website! But I belive in democracy and belive that you should also have a say in what the e-book should be about! I am currently including the following: card tricks, coin tricks, close-up magic, stage magic and street magic. If you have ANY other suggestion, something that you think others will like, then participate in the vote, tell me what you want to see in the new e-book. After a couple of days, I will post the results on my website, so you can see if your suggestion was approved or not. And soon following the release of the results of the poll, I will give ONLY my weekly free magic trick newsletter subscribers the link to the PDF version of the e-book! Its going to be a lot of fun and enjoymen, you don't want to miss it! Poll: What should my new e-book be about? Card Tricks Coin Tricks Stage Magic Street Magic Rope Magic Silk Magic Mentalism Money Tricks ALL of the above Other (Please state "other" choice) To send your vote suggestion, e-mail me at magic-tricks@hotmail.com And I will add your vote to our poll results! Hurry, and vote fast, because this poll won't stay up for very long! Hope to hear from you soon. With Best Regards, Magic-Mania http://www.mind-ellusions.blogspot.com/ P.S. If you like Magic-Mania, quickly bookmark us, and remember to check back frequently for more magical fun! posted by Magic-Mania at 2:21 PM 2 comments Monday, January 30, 2006 Hi, I'm the owner of Mind-Ellusions.blogspot.com. I have been having a great deal of fun posting the many FREE MAGIC TRICKS that we have on this site. Many people have also left some very appreciateably responses. But, I think its time for a change. If you are a true magician, who is always on the look-out for a good trick, this is the place for you... Now I'm starting a Newletter, simply subscribe to it and I'll send you a free magic trick in your inbox every week!!! The only thing you have to do to subscibe is: 1. Send me and e-mail at: magic-tricks@hotmail.com , and write your e-mail address in so I can send you the free tricks. 2. Tell me why you would like the free tricks. 3. How often do you visit Magic-Mania? That's all you need to do. If you are a Yahoo Mail user, than send me an e-mail at mayaa_riaz@yahoo.com I will be able to send you the free tricks on any account. I will also accept any magic tricks that you may have. Please feel free to contact me (on either e-mail) for your trick. Now as a special treat, if you subscribe to my newsletter, you will recieve 10 E-BOOKS, COMPLETELY FREE , explaining step-by-step how to do the tricks. These E-books include: -The Self-Folding Dollar Bill -The Poltergeist Spoon -The Houdini Escape -Hypnosis -David Blaine Free Magic Secrets E-Book -Fearson's Aces -10 Essentail Card Tricks -101 Jokes a Magician Should Know -Fearson's Video Vision The Free Magic E-book So, what do you think? And besides all the magic- e-books I'm sending you, you will also get several free weekly tricks. This is a once in a life-time opportunity, you may never find the tricks that I'm about to reveal to you. Just try it. Try my Free Weekly Tricks Newletter, and don't forget to post any comments you may have on any of my tricks, on my website. Thanking you for your continued support, Magic-Mania P.S. We Now OFFICIALLY have 100 Subscribers! posted by Magic-Mania at 10:52 AM 35 comments About Me Name: Magic-Mania Location: London, Ontario, Canada You already know I am a magic-trick genius. I don't know anything else you may be interested in, sorry. View my complete profile Links Google News Edit-Me Edit-Me Previous Posts Free Mentalism E-book Push N Change Tutorial Dollar to Hundred ( Original Version) New Link: Card Tricks NOW! Learn TO Amaze Series: Visual Card Melt E-book Poll: Your VOTE Counts! Free WEEKLY Tricks Subscription The Mystery Card: By Oz Pearlman The Anti-Gravity Card Snap Change: Instant Transformation Archives September 2005 October 2005 November 2005 December 2005 January 2006 February 2006 March 2006 June 2006 August 2006 March 2007 
