 ProSpur+ Spur Gear Generating Program for use with ProCAD+ Click here if you are using Microsoft Windows Click here for your free copy of ProSpur+ As of 18 May 2010, the version offered is 26/32 bit neutral. IMPORTANT: ProSpur+ is offered free of charge to users of ProCAD+. All trademarks are acknowledged. 2000 All rights reserved. This program or user guide may not be copied without prior written consent of David Snell, the copyright owner.You may not make any extra copies for use on any other computer nor may sell, loan or give away a copy of this ProSpur+ package. Since the author has no control over the circumstances in which the software is used, no responsibility can be accepted for any consequential loss or damage, due to the use or presence of the software. Edition 1 March 2000 1. Introduction ProSpur+ is a professional program designed to create drawings of spur gears.The drawings are produced as symbols for the ProCAD+ Computer Aided Design package for use on Acorn RISC computers. The shape of a gear is not easy to draw as it involves what are known as involute curves. ProSpur+ can not only produce these curves, it can actually produce isometric projections of them so that exploded gear-boxes can be drawn very quickly. Elevations and cross-sections are also provided. This guide assumes that the user is familiar with gears and the terms involved, and also is conversant with the use of the ProCAD+ program. The guide has been written to conform to the style and layout of the ProCAD+ manual in order to reduce the learning time. A glossary appears towards the end of the guide to explain some of the gear terms. A full explanation of the terms used by gear manufacturers can usually be found in most good machinery handbooks. As supplied, ProSpur+ creates gears according to British practice, but it may be customized to work to any other standard. A section of the manual is dedicated to customizing the program to fit specific requirements. ProSpur+ fully supports the !Help utility in order to provide extra information on the use of the various icons on the main dialogue box. 2. Using ProSpur+ For the installation of ProSpur+ it is advisable to copy the !ProSpur+ application to a convenient directory on the hard disc. ProSpur+ is supplied ready to run. Once you are used to using it, you may, however, wish to make some adjustments to its settings. This is discussed in section 3. Run ProSpur+ in the usual way, by double clicking on the !ProSpur+ icon. Its icon will appear on the icon bar and the main dialogue box will be displayed as shown in figure 1. Clicking the middle Menu mouse button over the icon-bar icon will bring up a menu consisting of Info. and Quit. Info. leads to a box displaying information relating to the program's version, serial number and copyright. Quit removes the main dialogue box and quits the program in the usual way. Clicking the left Select mouse button over the icon-bar icon will open the main dialogue box if it was closed, otherwise it will bring the dialogue box to the front. The main dialogue box is the window in which the data will be entered to specify the gear. Clicking on its close icon will close it without quitting ProSpur+. Simply click Select on the ProSpur+ icon-bar icon to re-open it. Clicking Select on the close icon while holding down the Shift key will iconize the dialogue box on the RISC-OS pinboard. Double click on it in the usual way to restore it. Figure 1. Symbol Name The ultimate goal of ProSpur+ is to produce a ProCAD+ file containing gear symbols. These symbols must have names. The first writable icon in the dialogue box contains the symbol name. When the name ends with a number it will be incremented once the symbol file has been saved. (This feature may be turned off. See section 3.) The incrementing feature helps to avoid the duplication of symbol names, as ProCAD+ identifies symbols by their unique names. Below the symbol name are three radio-type buttons that allow the selection of the way in which the data are to be interpreted. The writable icon opposite will contain the actual value. Diametral Pitch The Diametral Pitch is probably the most common way of specifying a gear for British and American use. It is defined as the ratio of the number of teeth to the number of inches in the pitch circle diameter. When this option is selected the units for all other length measurement default to inch units. Circular Pitch The Circular Pitch is the distance along the circumference of the pitch circle between corresponding points on adjacent teeth. When this option is selected the units for all other length measurement default to inch units. Module The Metric Module, or Module, as it has now come to be known, is the ratio of the pitch circle diameter in millimetres to the number of teeth. When this option is selected the units for all other length measurement default to millimetre units. The units shown in parentheses beside length measurements will also change to show this. NOTE: When entering length data in writable icons the units shown in parentheses are the default units if none are specified with the data value. Alternatively, in or or mm may be appended to the value to over-ride the default and specify the actual units intended (inches or millimetres only). Pressure Angle The pressure angle is fully described in the glossary. For most British and American practice an angle of either 14 or 20 is used. (ProSpur+ can use other angles if needed. See section 3.) Pitch Circle Diameter The Pitch Circle Diameter specifies the diameter of the circle through the pitch point, having its centre at the axis of the gear. Pitch circles of meshing gears should touch tangentially. Gear Width This is the width or thickness of the gear. If no side views, sections or isometric views are required then this value may be left blank. Bore Diameter This is the diameter of the hole in the middle of the gear. If the hole is to be tapered then this diameter is measured at the front face unless a front boss is to be used, in which case this is the diameter at the outer edge of the boss. In other words, it is always the diameter at the front of the whole gear. Bore Taper Leave this value empty or zero if no taper is required. If a tapered bore is required then enter a value in degrees or as a ratio eg: 1:10. A positive taper reduces the bore from front to back. A negative taper may be used to increase the bore from front to back. Tapers causing holes to close or bosses to be cut will display an error message. Rotation Angle The gear symbol is normally created so that the centre of a tooth is at the 0 position. The rotation angle permits the whole symbol to be defined rotated by this amount. This is not the same as rotating the symbol in ProCAD+ as the rotation is shown in all the projections for the additional views that ProSpur+ can provide. Helical Angle This should be left at 0 unless a helical gear is required. The button to the left of the writable switches between right and left hand. Boss Diameter If no bosses are required, simply leave this entry empty. ProSpur+ can, however, provide for either one or two bosses. If a single value is entered here it is taken as the diameter of the front boss. A second value may be entered after a comma to denote the diameter of the second, back boss. If a back boss is required but no front boss then enter zero followed by a comma and then the second boss diameter. Boss Height As for the boss diameters the boss heights may be separated by a comma. Two boss diameters will require two boss heights. Teeth The box marked Teeth is not used for data entry. It is for information. If the data has been entered for Diametral Pitch or its equivalent and the Pitch Circle Diameter then clicking on this box will cause the number of teeth to be shown, calculated from the entered values. The number of teeth is also updated when OK is clicked. Views Normally ProSpur+ creates a symbol that shows the side of the gear that displays the profile of the teeth. Other views may be selected by turning on the following buttons by clicking on them. Above This option provides an extra view as a symbol using the entered name, preceded by A_. The view is as from above the original view, using third angle projection. The tips of the teeth will be projected into the view and any bosses will be shown. The bore will be shown as a short-dash line. Below This option provides an extra view as a symbol using the entered name, preceded by B_. The view is as from below the original view, using third angle projection. The tips of the teeth will be projected into the view and any bosses will be shown. The bore will be shown as a short-dash line. Left This option provides an extra view as a symbol using the entered name, preceded by L_. The view is as from the left of the original view, using third angle projection. The tips of the teeth will be projected into the view and any bosses will be shown. The bore will be shown as a short-dash line. Right This option provides an extra view as a symbol using the entered name, preceded by R_. The view is as from the right of the original view, using third angle projection. The tips of the teeth will be projected into the view and any bosses will be shown. The bore will be shown as a short-dash line. Section This option provides a cross-section view as a symbol using the entered name, preceded by S_. The view is a cross-section cut through the gear including the bosses. The cut portions will be filled with standard hatching. (The hatching may be altered. See section 3.) Isometric This option provides an isometric view as a symbol using the entered name, preceded by I_. The view is as from the front of the original view with the top tipped away from the viewer. All hidden detail will be removed. The second or back boss will not be shown. Pitch Circle This switch controls the drawing of the chain line circle that marks the pitch in the standard side view (and the equivalent ellipse in the isometric view). If the circle is not required simply turn this switch off. Tooth Symbol Normally ProSpur+ creates the symbol for the standard view by repeating a tooth symbol, rotated around the pitch circle. The tooth symbol has the name entered preceded by T_ for its name. If, for any reason, it is necessary to change the appearance of the teeth then modifying this one tooth symbol will cause them all to change. Sometimes the standard symbol is easier to edit if its teeth are made up of lines instead of symbols. If this is required then turn the Tooth Symbol switch off. Isometric projections do not use tooth symbols as the projection of each tooth is different. OK Before clicking on OK check that all the relevant values have been entered and that the directory view to receive the file is visible. Alternatively, it is possible to drop the file directly on to a ProCAD+ drawing in a ProCAD+ window. If the second option is chosen then it will be necessary to check that the symbol names have not already been used on the drawing by looking at the contents of the ProCAD+ symbol tool dialogue box. When OK is clicked the data are checked and any errors will be reported. The number of teeth will be shown in the box. If no errors are detected then a Save as dialogue box will appear that will allow the newly created file of symbols to be saved. Once the symbols have been created they may be used directly in ProCAD+ on any drawing. The gears are always created full size and so may need scaling to comply with certain drawings. This may be done by scaling the symbols using the symbol tool dialogue box or by using the Transform option on the ProCAD+ Select menu. Only one isometric view is provided as the other two views may be obtained by rotating the same symbol through 120 and 240. If a symbol needs to be cut or edited then it should be converted to a group first. If tooth symbols are used then these will need to be converted to groups as well. 3. Customizing ProSpur+ ProSpur+ is supplied ready to use but it may be customized by editing the file called Params inside the !ProSpur+ application. In order to get at this file hold the Shift key down while double clicking Select on the !ProSpur+ icon in the directory viewer. This will open the application's directory viewer and the Params file should be visible. Load this into !Edit and make what alterations are needed. Save the file when editing is complete and then re-load ProSpur+ on the icon-bar with the new parameters. Below is a list of all the parameters in alphabetical order, along with their meanings and default settings. The glossary in the next section may help with the explanation of some of the more unusual terms. ABOVE 0 This is a 0 or 1 setting to indicate the initial state of the Above button in the View list. ADDENDUM 1.0 The value entered here divided by the diametral pitch gives the addendum to be used. BELOW 0 This is a 0 or 1 setting to indicate the initial state of the Below button in the View list. CENTRE 1 This is a 0 or 1 setting to indicate whether a Point is to be used at the symbol centre. DEDENDUM 1.25 The value entered here divided by the diametral pitch gives the dedendum to be used. DASHEDBORE 1 This is a 0 or 1 setting to indicate whether the bore is to be shown in the Above, Below, Left and Right views as a dashed line (1) or omitted (0). FILLANG 45 This is the angle in degrees for the hatching of cross-section views. FILLETRAD 0.39 The value entered here divided by the diametral pitch gives the tooth fillet radius to be used. Zero can be entered if no fillet is required. FILLGAP 0.25mm This is the back-off distance for the hatching of cross-section views. This prevents the shading going outside the outline on pen plotters. For printing this may be reduced to zero. FILLSIZE 3mm This is the distance between the fill lines for the cross-hatching of section views. INCNUM 1 This is a 0 or 1 setting to indicate whether numbers in symbol names should be incremented after a successful save. ISOMETRIC 0 This is a 0 or 1 setting to indicate the initial state of the Isometric button in the View list. LEFT 0 This is a 0 or 1 setting to indicate the initial state of the Left button in the View list. MODE 0 Mode takes a value of 0, 1 or 2 to indicate Diametral Pitch, Circular Pitch or Module. PITCHCIRCLE 1 This is a 0 or 1 setting to indicate the initial state of the Pitch Circle button below the View list. PRESSANG 14.5 The Pressure Angle is usually set to 14.5 or 20 degrees but it may be set to a different angle which can be selected by turning off both of the buttons using the Adjust right mouse button. RIGHT 0 This is a 0 or 1 setting to indicate the initial state of the Right button in the View list. SECTION 0 This is a 0 or 1 setting to indicate the initial state of the Section button in the View list. SYMNAME Gear0 This is the name that will initially appear in the main ProSpur+ dialogue box at start up. TOOTH 0.5 This is the fraction of the space occupied by a tooth. Values of less than 0.5 imply backlash. (See glossary.) TOOTHSYM 1 This is a 0 or 1 setting to indicate the initial state of the Tooth Symbol button below the View list. 4. Glossary This short glossary lists some of the terms used by gear manufacturers and users that are relevant to the use of ProSpur+. Terms that are relevant only to the generation of involute curves, as carried out internally by ProSpur+, are not included. Addendum The Addendum is the radial or perpendicular distance between the pitch circle and the top of the tooth. (Fig. 2) Figure 2. Backlash Backlash is the shortest distance between non-driving teeth in mating gears. (Fig. 3) Figure 3. Bore Diameter The Bore Diameter is the diameter of the hole in the gear (Fig. 4) Figure 4. Boss Diameter The Boss Diameter is the outside diameter of the boss or hub that projects from the side of the gear. (Fig. 4) Boss Height The Boss Height is the amount that the boss or hub projects from the side of the gear. (Fig. 4) Centre Distance This is the distance between the centres of two gears whose pitch circles just touch (Fig. 7) Circular Pitch The Circular Pitch is the distance along the circumference of the pitch circle between corresponding points on adjacent teeth. (Fig. 5) Figure 5. Dedendum The Dedendum is the radial or perpendicular distance between the pitch circle and the bottom of the tooth space. (Fig. 6) Figure 6. Diametral Pitch The Diametral Pitch is the ratio of the number of teeth to the number of inches in the pitch circle diameter. Fillet See tooth fillet. Gear Ratio The Gear Ratio is the ratio of the numbers of teeth in mating gears. Hub Diameter See Boss Diameter. Involute Curve This is the name given to the geometric shape of the contact portion of the tooth face. (Fig. 9) Line of Action This is the line along which contact between mating teeth occurs. (Fig. 7) Figure 7. Module (Metric) The Metric Module, often just known as Module, is the ratio of the pitch circle diameter in millimetres to the number of teeth. Pitch Circle The Pitch Circle is the circle through the pitch point having its centre at the axis of the gear. (Fig. 7) Pitch Point The Pitch Point is the intersection between the line of centres and the line of action. (Fig. 7) Pressure Angle The pressure angle is the angle between the tangent to the tooth profile and a radial line perpendicular to the pitch circle. (Fig. 8) Figure 8. Root Radius This is the radius of the circle at the bottom of the tooth space. (Fig. 9) Figure 9. Tooth Fillet This is the curved surface or fillet joining the side of the tooth to the bottom land at the root radius. (Fig. 9) 5. Error Messages This section lists some of the more common error messages that can be produced by ProSpur+. Bore too big. The bore diameter value entered is greater than the root radius and would cut off the teeth. Boss has no height value. A boss diameter has been entered but no height. Boss too big. The boss diameter value entered is greater than the root radius and would project beyond the teeth. Fewer than 3 teeth. Self explanatory. Gear must have width to use Views. If any of the extra views are to be created a Gear Width value must be entered. Insufficient memory. Please tidy up unwanted tasks and try again. ProSpur+ has run out of memory. No Diametral Pitch given. A Diametral Pitch, Circular Pitch or Module value must be entered in order to create a gear. No Pitch Circle Diameter given. The Pitch Circle Diameter must be entered in order to create a gear. No symbol name given. A symbol name of up to 23 characters must be provided before a symbol can be created. Taper error. The requested taper either closes the hole or cuts a boss. Too many teeth. More than 100 teeth required. 
 Login Contact Us Global Sites Company Info Products SolidWorks Products 3D CAD   Simulation   Product Data Management Technical Communication   Electrical Design 3DExperience Software   Why SolidWorks?   Partner Products SolidWorks Partner Products Education Products For Educators For Students Free Tools Free CAD Tools Free 2D Tools Next Steps Get a Quote Contact Sales SolidWorks Electrical Explore SolidWorks Electrical Industries Commercial Industries Aerospace Automotive Construction Consumer Products Energy Engineering Services High Tech - Electronics Industrial Equipment Life Sciences - Medical Manufacturing Process and Plant Education Educators Students Parents/Mentors University Researchers Galleries SolidWorks Design Gallery Government Government Sector Next Steps Get a Quote Contact Sales SolidWorks Plastics Explore SolidWorks Plastics How To Buy How to Buy Get a Quote Contact Sales Find a Reseller Contact Information Tax Incentives Education Contacts Online Stores SolidWorks Book Store SolidWorks Student Store On Sale Now SolidWorks Step-by-Step Self-Study Guides Support Support Subscription Services Technical Support Downloads Product Lifecycle Training SolidWorks Training Certification Resources Learning Resources System Requirements SolidWorks Web Help SolidWorks Forums Next Steps Renew Subscription Get Certified Customer Portal Login Create Account Community Community Resources SolidWorks Forums My.SolidWorks SolidWorks Blogs Events User Groups SolidWorks World View All Events Next Steps Get a Quote Contact Sales My.SolidWorks Find the answers you need - Join the Community today! Resource Center Explore SolidWorks Demo Library Screencasts White Papers Recorded Webinars Online Resources SolidWorks Tutorials Data Sheets Blogs Design Gallery Getting Started Kit Next Steps Get a Quote Contact Sales My.SolidWorks Find the answers you need - Join the Community today! Customers Customer Stories View by Company View by Industry View by Product Search All Next Steps Get a Quote Contact Sales My.SolidWorks Find the answers you need - Join the Community today! +1800-209-8006 (INDIA) +1-781-810-5011 (USA) QUICK LINKS Contact Sales Educators/Students Partners Blogs SolidWorks Jobs Newsletter Screencasts HOW     Get a Quote     Contact Sales     Get a Demo PRODUCTS SUPPORT TRAINING NEWS 3D CAD PRODUCT DATA MANAGEMENT SIMULATION TECHNICAL COMMUNICATION ELECTRICAL DESIGN SOLIDWORKS SUPPORT Give your design team the tools and resources they need to work faster and smarter. SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES TECHNICAL SUPPORT SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS DOWNLOADS SOLIDWORKS WEB HELP CERTIFICATION KNOWLEDGE BASE* SOLIDWORKS FORUMS   *(Subscription required)     TRAINING SolidWorks training courses focus on fundamental skills and concepts key to ensuring your success with SolidWorks. TRAINING COURSES Certification is proof of your SolidWorks expertise and skills that businesses seek out and reward. CERTIFICATION PROGRAMS CERTIFICATION FAQS Additional learning and community resources RESOURCE CENTER SOLIDWORKS FORUMS   SelectTech GeoSpatial NEWSROOM Learn how SolidWorks helps millions succeed through innovation. Press Releases Dassault Systmes Launches the First SOLIDWORKS Application on the 3DEXPERIENCE Platform - SOLIDWORKS Mechanical Conceptual  Dassault Systmes Opens SOLIDWORKS World 2014 – Design in the Age of Experience Articles eDrawings for iOS with Augmented Reality My.SolidWorks Provides Central Search Capabilities   VIDEOS WHITE PAPERS White Papers Product Demos   SolidWorks Videos Recorded Webinars DOWNLOADS Product Downloads Free CAD Tools Free 2D Tools ONLINE STORES SolidWorks Student Store SolidWorks Merchandise Store EVENTS SolidWorks World Seminars Upcoming Webinars User Group Meetings PARTNERS Find Partners Partner Special Offers ABOUT SOLIDWORKS Who We Are Management   SolidWorks Jobs News Room Newsletter Community Giving Why SolidWorks Merchandise Store Student Version Store OUR COMMUNITY SolidWorks Forums Blogs   3D ContentCentral Local User Groups My.SolidWorks SOCIAL MEDIA Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube   WHAT WE DO 3D CAD Product Data Management   Simulation Software   Technical Communication   Electrical Design HOW TO BUY Get a Quote Contact Sales Contact Us OUR CUSTOMERS Customers Commercial Industries Academia HOW TO LEARN Product Training SolidWorks Tutorials White Papers Screencasts Demos SUPPORTING USERS SolidWorks Subscription Technical Support Certification Downloads API Support System Requirements Getting Started Kit 3D CAD Support Product Lifecycle Printed from SolidWorks.com. For more information: sales@solidworks.com 2014 Dassault Systèmes SolidWorks Corp. Site Map | RSS | Terms of Use | Privacy | Piracy Prevention | License Agreement We use cookies to operate this website and to improve its usability. Please note that by using this site you are consenting to the use of cookies. For more information, please read our Privacy Policy / Cookies page . Don't show me this message again 
 This site is best viewed with Internet Explorer 9.0, Firefox 11, Safari 5, Chrome 18, Opera 11 or higher. ANVIL EXPRESS Truly integrated Best Drafting tools available! State-of-the-Art Surface Modeling tools Fully integrated Manufacturing system Request a 30 Day Trial of ANVIL Express. AnvilCAD Lite Complete Drafting Most cost effective MCAD system Easiest to customize of any MCAD system Light in price Heavy in value Best 2D/3D CAD tool under $600 AnvilCAD Lite! Home | Software | Downloads | Free Trial | Contact Us 
 PTC.com Store EN Login Products PTC Creo Draw Creo Sketch Creo Layout Creo Schematics Model Creo Parametric Creo Direct Creo Options Modeler Validate Creo Simulate Visualize Creo View MCAD Creo View ECAD Creo Illustrate Creo View Mobile Elements Creo Elements/Direct Drafting Creo Elements/Direct Modeling Creo Elements/Direct Model Manager How to Buy How to Buy Creo PTC Windchill PDM Process Windchill PDMLink Windchill ProjectLink Windchill PDM Essentials Windchill MPMLink Windchill FlexPLM Arbortext Content Manager Windchill PPMLink Requirements Management Product Analytics Windchill Compliance Windchill Materials Substances Windchill Cost Windchill LCA Supply Chain Data Collection Quality Windchill FRACAS Windchill FMEA Windchill FTA Windchill Prediction Windchill CAPA Windchill Nonconformance Windchill Customer Experience Management Service Windchill Service Information Manager Windchill Service Parts Collaboration Windchill SocialLink Windchill Mobile Windchill ProjectLink Creo View MCAD Creo View ECAD Integrations ECAD/MCAD Software Enterprise SharePoint PLM Connector Utilities Windchill Archive Windchill Print Service Windchill Reporting Windchill Interference Management Service PTC Arbortext Author Arbortext Editor Arbortext IsoDraw Manage Arbortext Content Manager Publish Arbortext Publishing Engine Arbortext Styler Arbortext Advanced Print Publisher S1000D Arbortext CSDB Arbortext Provisioning Manager Arbortext Parts Catalog Manager Arbortext Publisher Arbortext IETP Viewer PTC Mathcad PTC Integrity PTC Servigistics ThingWorx Free Downloads Solutions By Role Engineering Executive Engineering Manager IT Executive Educators Students Mid-size Manufacturers Sales and Service Executive Software Engineering Executive Supply Chain Executive By Industry Aerospace Defense Airlines Automotive Consumer Products Electronics High Tech Industrial Equipment Medical Devices Retail, Footwear Apparel By Business Need 3D Design Component Supplier Management Global Product Development Global Quality Global Software Development Manufacturing Process Management Service Parts Management Technical Information See All By Enterprise Application Product Lifecycle Management Computer-Aided Design Application Lifecycle Management Supply Chain Management Service Lifecycle Management Consulting Success Factors Insights Blog Training Free Tutorials eLearning Instructor-led Training Find a Class Curriculum Guides Enterprise Learning Programs Partners Find Software Resellers Partner Portal Contact Find Hardware Partners Partner Portal Contact Find Software Partners Partner Portal Contact Find Services Partners Partner Portal Contact Communities PTC Community Blogs About PTC Company Overview Executive Team Careers Corporate Responsibility Contact Corporate Videos Customer Successes Events Investor Relations PTC Live Global Press Media News Room Public Relations Contacts Social Media Directory Support Technical Support eSupport Home Software Downloads Product Documentation Customer Support Guide Global Support Services Support Solutions Re-activate Support Customer Support Guide Support Advisor Alert Contact Home Products PTC Creo T+ T- Print RSS CoCreate is now PTC Creo Elements/Direct Find Training Free Tutorials Free Trial Contact Sales PTC Creo Elements/Direct – Industry-leading direct modeling software PTC Creo Elements/Direct provides the most complete direct modeling tools available today. Watch Video Move to PTC Creo Elements/Direct 18.1 and take advantage of great new features Open PTC Creo Elements/Direct 3D models in PTC Creo Parametric, perform advanced simulation and more. Modeling Fast, flexible and easy design. Learn More Drafting 2D CAD for mechanical design. Learn More Model Manager Integrated product data management. Learn More Customer Success Aquamatic adds 3D design to 2D Learn More Interested in Creo Learn More PTC Creo Elements/Direct Technology Roadmap Learn More PTC Creo Fat Footer Buy PTC Creo How to Buy PTC Creo Free Downloads and Trials Software Updates Contact Sales Active Support? Upgrade Not on Support? Reactivate Why Reactivate Support? PTC Creo Products PTC Creo Parametric PTC Creo Direct PTC Creo Simulate PTC Creo Illustrate PTC Creo Schematics PTC Creo View MCAD PTC Creo View ECAD PTC Creo Sketch PTC Creo Layout PTC Creo Options Modeler PTC Creo Resources PTC Creo Events PTC Creo Interactive Experience Watch a Demo PTC Creo for Students Whats New in PTC Creo Product Name Mapper Find Training PTC Creo Help Center PTC Creo Communities Blog Community Twitter YouTube Facebook Copyright Site Map Software Piracy Legal Policies, Agreements Disclaimers Worldwide Sites Find a Reseller Contact PTC 
 Tuesday, 25 February 2014 YouTube Twitter Facebook Linkedin Google+ Contact Us  | About Us  | Purchase Customer Support: 800.339.7304 Home Products IRONCAD Integrated 3D 2D Design Solution INOVATE 3D Design Collaboration Solution IRONCAD DRAFT 2D Production Detailing 3D Collaboration IRONCAD COMPOSE 3D Configuration Collaboration Solution TRANSLATORS Comprehensive Native File Sharing Utility Solution Partners FEA-CAM-EDM-CNC Applications Industry Articles Press Articles and Reviews Download Products Download Free and Trial Products Webinar Series Productivity Webinars Series Industry Fabrication Assembly Electrical Electronics Automotive Transportation Aerospace Defense Customer Stories Try It Now Webinar How to Buy Locate a Reseller Become a Reseller Educational Support Contact Support User Community Training Download Products Product Updates Interactive Tutorial Learning Center Catalog Content License Request Get Trial Activation Code Delivering Productivity The Solution News Support Training Performance - Fastest Design Methodology    Do you need to deliver products to clients under increasing time constraints and want the ability to develop products faster and more efficiently, sharing common data across a single integrated product suite? Flexibility - Unrestricted Design Modifications Do you need to make unanticipated product changes from customer feedback and want the ability to change models at any stage in the design process, free from the burden of constraints and feature dependencies, and to automatically update all related documentation?     Collaboration - Effectively Share Designs Do you need to communicate product designs and want the ability to share information and involve customers, supply chain and the extended global team in your design process?  IronCAD Design Collaboration Suite The IronCAD Design Collaboration Suite is a complete range of products that include IRONCAD, INOVATE, IRONCAD DRAFT, and IronCAD’s latest addition IRONCAD COMPOSE. This integrated suite of solid modeling CAD and communication tools provides real collaboration between 2D and 3D enabling users to communicate design data seamlessly throughout their design process within their organization and beyond. Regardless if you are involved in fabrication and assembly, automotive, aerospace, or any other industry where you need powerful yet easy to use design tools, with the IronCAD Design Collaboration Suite your organization has the best computer aided design software solution available allowing you to become more productive and competitive.   IronCAD In The News Stay up-to-date with the latest news and events for IronCAD!   Carlo Borer Opens New Doors in Developing Extraordinary Artwork Photorealistic Rendering Has Become an Essential Tool in CAD KeyShot For IronCAD – Affordable Realistic Rendering Made Easy IronCAD Releases Service Patch #1 for 2014 Schnaithmann creates custom designs faster and higher quality IronCAD 2014 Review by Jeffrey Opel TraceParts and IronCAD 100 Million 3D CAD Models For Free IronCAD Partners With Akamai For Product Distribution IronCAD Launches Integration Into GrabCAD KeyShot And IronCAD Integration - Faster Creation Of 3D Visuals IronCAD Design Collaboration Suite 2014 Released Microplanet Designs Faster with IRONCAD IronCAD's Hybrid Modeling Vs. Synchronous Technology IRONCAD COMPOSE - Free Configuration and Collaboration ... more     IronCAD SUPPORT Give your design team the tools and resources they need to work faster and smarter in 3D and 2D CAD. Visit Tech Support Community Forum Learning Center Updates IronCAD Training Get the most of IronCAD's 2D and 3D design solutions with the following available training options: Learning Center Getting Started Guide Training Classes Recent News Designing Artwork Read how Carlo Borer opens new doors in developing extraordinary artwork, design and architecture. KeyShot for IronCAD "KeyShot for IronCAD" - Affordable Realistic Rendering Made Easy 2014 Service Patch #1 IronCAD Release Service Patch #1 for 2014 IronCAD LLC 2000 Riveredge Parkway , Atlanta , GA , 30328 . Phone: 800-339-7304 http://www.ironcad.com Company Information  About Us  Corporate Overview Contact Us   Maps Information News Buy Products Locate a Reseller Contact Sales Educational Support Contact Support User Community Training Learning Center Catalog Content Downloads Free Trial Free CAD Viewer Product Updates Product Datasheets Product Comparison Copyright © 2013 IronCAD, LLC. All Rights Reserved.  Privacy Statement 
 VariCAD 2014-1.0 - November 14,2013 here . More Previousnews Online Store Products Products Description Download Gallery Quick Demonstration Requirements Documentation Students & Universities Support Manual Tutorial Discussion Forum Knowledge Base Questions Company Contact Us Distributors Become a Partner User page Language Search English Deutsch PortuguĂŞs ć ä¸­ć Username Password Registration VariCAD VariCAD ( Domain = .com, Country = US ) VariCAD - 3D / 2D CAD software for mechanical engineering VariCAD is compact, fast, easy to use, and provides everything necessary for mechanical design. VariCAD is sold "fully loaded", including all features and functions, for one affordable price. The system contains: 3D Modeling 2D Drawing and Editing Optional Support of Parameters Optional Support of Geometrical Constraints Shells Modeling, Pipelines, Wires Crash Tests (Interferences) 3D Assemblies and Groups Surface Development (Sheet Metal Unbending) Mechanical Part Libraries and Symbol Libraries Calculations of 3D Objects or 2D Sections BOM and Title Blocks VariCAD - Designing Has Never Been Easier! VariCAD is available in English, German, Portuguese, Japanese and Chinese versions. All features are included in one package - from 499 EUR. For data exchanging, VariCAD uses STEP, STL, IGES, DWG and DXF file formats. The system fully supports Unicode. Download CAD | Buy It Now | Learn More about VariCAD VariCAD for Windows VariCAD can run on Microsoft Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7 and Windows 8. VariCAD is available for both 32 and 64-bit versions of the operating system. Download CAD | Buy It Now VariCAD for Linux VariCAD works well on a wide range of distributions of Linux (both 32 and 64-bit) - Ubuntu, Kubuntu, openSUSE and Debian are recommended. Download CAD | Buy It Now VariCAD - Free CAD Viewer and Convertor VariCAD Viewer is a free viewer, convertor and printing software working with 2D DWG, DXF, 3D STEP and 2D/3D VariCAD file formats. VariCAD viewer allows you to convert DWG to DXF and vice-versa, convert STEP to 3D IGES or STL formats, print 2D DWG, DXF or VariCAD formats and use batch print or batch conversions. VariCAD viewer offers settings of 3D display methods (like light source or perspective). 3D display can be also exported into high-resolution bitmap file. Download Free Viewer/Convertor Free Trial Version Download your free 30-day trial version of VariCAD and evaluate all of its powerful features prior to making your purchasing decision. The trial versions of this 3D / 2D CAD software are fully functional for a limited period of time and are available for both Windows and for Linux. Download Free Trial Facebook Youtube Created in VariCAD Industry-standard technology in your hands STEP, the Standard for the Exchange of Product Model Data, is a comprehensive ISO standard (ISO 10303) that describes how to represent and exchange digital product information. The Open Design Alliance is an association of software developers and users committed to promoting open, industry-standard formats for the exchange of CAD data. OpenDWGâ˘, the industry standard format, is based on the DWG format used in AutoCAD. Learn More about VariCAD VariCAD 2014 | Privacy policy | Disclaimer 
 Products Overview Product Overview Organic Workflow Organic Workflow Competitive Comparison Drafting Assistant 2D/3D Drafting Graphite Graphite Enterprise 3D Modeling Cobalt Xenon Argon Packaging Dieline Genius 2D Dieline Genius AI Plug -in Rules SteelRules File Conversion Alchemy Service Premium Service Expert Training Quick Start Consulting SM Accessories Vellum:environments Vellum:tracks Vellum:materials Vellum:decals Graphite Tips Tricks Free Cobalt Share Graphite Share Spotlight Plug-in Software Upgrades Section 508 Ten Benefits Hot Topics FAQs Demo Downloads Gallery Gallery Drafting Consumer Furniture Home Furnishing Housewares Electronics Packaging Medical Business Industry Art Environment Exhibit Architecture Mechanical Transportation Automotive Marine Aerospace Aviation Other Vehicles Student University Design School Students Girlstart Summer Camp Award Winning Designs Sketch Rendering Movies Success Stories Submit a Story Industries Featured Designers Shop Shop International Sales Return Policy Credit Terms CAD 3D Modeling Rental Special-use Licensing Research/Charitable/Retired Student/Teacher Units Reach for Your Dream Support Support Quick Start Consulting SM Support Center Glossary Articles Hot Topics FAQs Tutorials Graphite CAD Tutorials 3D Modeling Tutorials User Documentation Utilities Demo Downloads Updates, Fixes Requests Previous Products Ashlar-Vellum About Us Contact Us Partners News Community Job Board Authorized Channel Spread the Word Industry Affiliations Design Contests Donations Industries Design Explorer Newsletter +1 800 877-2745 to Order Find a Reseller Here The Leading Developer of CAD 3D Modeling Software for Mac Windows Breaking News Bert Lonsain LD Studio Product designer Bert Losain, of the Netherlands, likes to be involved in every aspect of a products development and production. He uses Ashlar-Vellum Cobalt CAD and 3D modeling software for its flexibility within every step of design process. Featured Designer Ashlar-Vellum offers precision software for 2D/3D wireframe computer-aided drafting and 3D solid and surface modeling. Supporting both Mac and Windows , Ashlar-Vellum software is set apart by its intuitive user interface without compromise to power and precision. Designers, engineers and inventors around the world turn to our wireframe drafting and 3D modeling programs to get their jobs done. Originally known as Vellum, our current CAD and 3D modeling programs still offer the revolutionary Drafting Assistant combined with our unique, non-linear Organic Workflow . These let you think entirely about your design and not about how to run your software. Click here for an overview of our current CAD and 3D modeling products . See what others have done with our CAD and 3D modeling software Gallery Operating System Support for Mac and Windows OS Support Learn how to make our CAD and 3D modeling software sign Tutorials Contact our expert CAD and 3D modeling support team Support Ten Benefits of Ashlar-Vellum CAD and 3D modeling software Ten Benefits Share Free Download a free trial version of our CAD or 3D modeling software Download Sign up to receive our newsletter The Design Explorer Newsletter Learn about our non-linear creative process Organic Workflow OW All Content Copyright 2014 Vellum Investment Partners, LLC, dba Ashlar-Vellum. All Rights Reserved. 9600 Great Hills Trail, Suite 150W-1625, Austin, TXUSA Phone: +1 800 877-2745, +1 512 250-2186 Fax: +1 928 396-9992 Customer.Service@Ashlar.com Support@Ashlar.com Sales@Ashlar.com 
 This page uses frames, but your browser doesn't support them. 
 Welcome Technology Services Domain Names Google Apps for Business Products Pergola System - Source Code Shed Systems - Source Code About Contact Us NEW STEELBeam Now Available STEELBeam  V6.0 Click Here steelbeam@thinksoftware.net.au Secure Your Domains Now Protect and Secure Your Business and Product Domain Names. Amazing prices starting from $7.50 Click to Buy Now Contact Information Engineering Software Solutions Pty Ltd 82 Onkaparinga Valley Road PO Box 413 Woodside 5244  South Australia info@ess.com.au Contact Us Welcome Welcome Successful businesses know the importance of time effective resources, good planning and sound communications. creating purpose built technology solutions for nearly two decades and is a key player in the advancement of automation and design systems used by the building industry.  Industry pull together your production processes to work in unison,  or to provide a level of advanced planning and synchronised events, then we can help you d esign a seamless hardware and software technology solution.   Industry Cloud  Cloud technology  and  very affordable  smart devices, you and your team can be working towards  common outcomes regardless of location or distance . Using Cloud technology your team will know what they are scheduled to do, when and where, and you can rapidly record progress and time spent to know your bottom line at any time.   Our experienced team can help you to identify a cost effective solution that will simplify and improve your business communications, pull together business systems and improve delivery of services, all the time enabling you to monitor your true cost, while you watch your business grow. intuitive solutions with minimal training so that you can realise the benefits soon after implementation.   Simply contact our team to discuss your needs.   Source Code Sale "Secure and control your own industry product" Now available, industry standard source code to springboard your technology advantage . Shed and Garage Industry Pergola  Verandas   Concrete Suspended Flooring Systems Discover more .... Copyright (c) 2011 by Engineering Software Solutions Pty Ltd Sign in | Report Abuse | Print Page | Remove Access | Powered By Google Sites 
 Search www.askoh.com askoh@askoh.com askoh.com by Aik-Siong Koh, PhD curriculum vitae (resume) freeCAD 3D CAD with Motion Simulation Freeware and patch. Version 9.0 IN-Motion Motion addon for Inventor Motion addon for Alibre Design GstarCAD Alternate Home Page StCAD 3D CAD Framework for Smalltalk Open Source for StCAD, StGeo, StMath, StDoc. Version 8 Example Assemblies for freeCAD Favorite Verses For a Great Superpower askoh.com by Aik-Siong Koh, PhD curriculum vitae (resume) Search www.askoh.com askoh@askoh.com 
 Pilot3D complete shape control need , you can't lose. Pilot3D For a great combination of programs, see our . Curved Surface Architecture Detailed Curve and Surface Shaping and Smoothing Reverse Engineering Surface Development / Layout 2D/3D CAD and Graphic Arts Marine Design Dynamic Constraint Relationships New Wave Systems, Inc. USA info@pilot3d.com [ AboutUs ] [ News ] [ ProductInfo ] [ Download ] [ OrderNow ] [ Tutorials ] [ Links ] [ Search ] [ Contents ] 
 Sigmetrix Sigmetrix is a global leader in providing tolerance analysis and GDT software solutions. Support Center International Asia CHINA Cybernet JAPAN Cybernet KOREA Tae Sung TAIWAN Cybernet INDIA Softcell Technologies Europe FRANCE 4CAD Group FRANCE Datavenir Logiciels FRANCE EnginSoft France GERMANY INNEO Solutions GERMANY EnginSoft Germany GERMANY TTC3 GmbH ITALY EnginSoft ITALY CDM TechnoConsulting SWITZERLAND INNEO Solutions UNITED KINGDOM EnginSoft UNITED KINGDOM INNEO Solutions Scandinavia SWEDEN Ariadne Engineering AB SWEDEN EnginSoft Nordic SWEDEN PDSVision AB NORWAY PDSVision AS FINLAND Convia Oy North America Industry Applications Aerospace Defense Automotive Industry Consumer Products Electronics Power Heavy Industry HVAC Medical Devices Safety and Security Systems Products CETOL 6σ Tolerance Analysis Software CETOL 6σ for Creo Elements/Pro CETOL 6σ for SolidWorks CETOL 6σ for CATIA Tolerance Analysis Extension TAE GDT Advisor Software Optimus Services Consulting Services Training Class Schedule Training Training CETOL 6σ Training GDT Training TAE Case Studies GDT Case Studies and Whitepapers Tolerance Analysis Case Studies White Papers Company About Sigmetrix Blog Careers Contact Us Events Leadership Team Partners Press Room Go-to-Meeting Reduce Manufacturing Variation with Robust Design Software   Sigmetrix CEO  Featured on Fox Business, CNBC, Bloomberg News EVENTS  TRAINING Mar 19/TAE Training   Register Mar 25-27/CETOL Training - Register Apr 16/TAE Training Register Apr 22-24/CETOL Training Register REQUEST A FREE DEMO OR TRIAL MAKING HEADLINES - Vestas Chooses Sigmetrix, LLC for Tolerance Analysis Solution - Sigmetrix Launches GDT Advisor v2.1 Sigmetrix is a global leader in providing tolerance analysis  software and GDT software solutions.  Built on its CETOL 6σ Technologies™ foundation these precise, easy-to-use assembly design optimization and functional analysis software solutions are used by systems, mechanical and manufacturing engineers worldwide. Tolerance Analysis Software Solutions: CETOL 6σ is a tolerance analysis software tool fully-integrated with Pro/ENGINEER® and Creo® , CATIA® , and SolidWorks® .  GDT Advisor is an interactive solution that provides expert guidance on the correct application of GDT. GDT Advisor is fully-integrated within PTC’s Creo Elements/Pro® CAD system. Sigmetrix’ software solutions unite the “ideal” world of product design with the “real” world of manufacturing, assembly, and mechanical variation. The result of more than 20 years of research and development, they eliminate the error between as-designed assemblies and as-produced products. Through intuitive modeling technologies, advanced visualization techniques and specialized services, our customers gain insight into the source of error in their products that would not otherwise be seen until production starts or field failures are observed!  This insight allows companies to manufacture higher quality, lower cost, and more robust products. Sigmetrix, LLC is a subsidiary of Cybernet Systems Co., Ltd . Phone: 972.542.7517 Online: Contact Form a group company of CYBERNET SYSTEMS CO., LTD. Sitemap 
 Links: Natoli Engineering Company Decode Genetics Further information: Selection from manual Program help text Readme.dat file Sample input screen Download: TabletCAD demo program (normal version) (American version) (American version) (non-American version) for HASP key XRDGQ TabletCAD technical drawings volume and round capsule oval and modified oval diamond regular polygon triangle heart All shapes give the option of a bevel bisect (breakline) flat or concave single or double radius An engraving saved millimetres and inches paper sizes are supported On line help In America 28 Research Park Circle Tel. (+1) 636-9268900 Fax (+1) 636-9268910 In Iceland Saga Software Vidihlid 3 IS-105 Reykjavik Iceland Tel. +354 5701836 / +354 5881219 In TabletCAD is distributed by Amalievej 20 Tel. (+45) 7025 4888 Fax (+45) 7025 8333 News new version of the demo 
 Bentley.com Products Bentley AutoPIPE V8 i Sign In Search United States [ Change ] | Contact Us | Partners | SELECTservices Solutions Bridges Buildings Campuses Communications EPCM Factories Government Mining and Metals Power Generation Process Manufacturing Rail and Transit Roads Utilities Water and Wastewater All Solutions Products MicroStation ProjectWise AssetWise By Category All Products Downloads- iWare and Apps Subscriptions For Professionals For Organizations For Large Enterprises For Academics For Short-term Use For Software Training Events Learning Training Academic Program Reference Books On-Demand Videos Events The Year in Infrastructure Conference and Be Inspired Awards Support Services Support MANAGEservices Professional Services Resources Communities - User Groups - Academic - Social Media - Be Communities --   Forums, Blogs,    More User Stories - Year In   Infrastructure Book - Year In   Infrastructure   Showcases - Be Inspired Project   Portfolios - Case Studies Publications - Bentley   Infrastructure 500 - Annual Report - White Papers - Newsletters Company About Bentley News and Pressroom Annual Report Bentley Partner Program Career Opportunities Contact Us Bentley AutoPIPE V8 i Resources Advantages Training and Learning Offshore Analysis and Design Plant Design and Engineering AutoPIPE Fundamentals Videos AutoPIPE eSeminars Communities Plant Design and Engineering Pipe Stress and Vessel Design News Bentley AutoPIPE Meets the Needs of the European Directive for Plant Application More Info Comparison Between AutoPIPE Standard, Plus, and Nuclear Version Case Study: Projenia 6th of October Power Plant- Plant, Electrical and Instrumentation Design Case Study: RNZ Pegasus Asia Pacific - Pipeline and Riser Detailed Design Engineering Using AutoPIPE Case Study: GE Water Lanxess IndiaUses Bentley for Structural and Piping Analysis and Design for Thermal Zero Liquid Discharge Wastewater Treatment Plant Case Study: Betara Complex Development Project Detailed Engineering of Gas Plant Using Bentley Tools Case Study: GE Water Uses Bentley to Design Supporting Systems and Interconnecting Piping for HERO Ultra Pure Water Systems Contact Sales 1-800-BENTLEY Outside of USA: +1 610-458-5000 Request a Call Back Piping Design and Analysis Software for Productivity, Integration, and Nuclear Quality Standards AutoPIPE is the choice of leading EPCs worldwide. The most comprehensive piping analysis software for 20 years in small to high-end piping projects worldwide for the power, oil and gas, petrochemical, offshore, and nuclear markets. Faster engineered piping systems backed by nuclear Quality Assurance to ISO 9001. Product Data Sheet Product Tour Video Gallery AutoPIPE provides a comprehensive and advanced software tool specialized in pipe stress analysis.The intuitive modeling environment and the advanced analysis features provide for increased productivity and improved quality control.Fluent data collaboration can be obtained through the integration with structural and 3D models, providing an environment for increased business growth. AutoPIPE provides comprehensive designincluding advanced analysis features such asintegrated through wall thermal gradient, fluid transient, thermal bowing or stratification, seismic response spectra enveloping, and steam relief analyses for process, power, oiland gas, nuclear, underground, offshore FPSO platform, and subsea pipeline areas.Nuclear approved softwareallows users to design Class 1, 2, and 3 nuclear piping systems. Approvals includestandards as10CFR Part 50, 10CFR 21, and ASME NQA-1-2008/2009a. AutoPIPE was developed as a scalable offering to meet the needs of companies working in industries like nuclearand fossil power, process and chemical plants, offshore FPSO platform and riser design, fire protection systems, oil refineries, cross-country gas and oil pipelines, FRP piping, and building services piping. AutoPIPE now incorporates ASME, British, European, German, Japanese, Chinese, API, NEMA, ANSI, ASCE, AISC, UBC, ISO, and WRC guidelines and design limits. AutoPIPE offers unparalleled integration to all major intelligent 3D CAD systems like AutoPLANT , PlantSpace, Intergraph PDS, and Aveva PDMS. Automated intelligent stress isometrics can be easily generated and customized. Anyone on the project team canmake early design decisions, view full modeland graphical data, and perform automatic clash detection of both AutoPIPE and CAD models side by side with ProjectWise Navigator .AutoPIPE Plus now includes AutoPIPE Nozzle under the new name AutoPIPE Advanced. AutoPIPE featuresthe only piping and structural analysis integrationsolution with STAAD.Pro on the market today.Create a structural model in STAAD.Pro, move it into Bentley AutoPIPE for more realistic integrated piping and structural analysis, then transfer the final piping model complete with pipe support loads to the Bentley STAAD model in minutestrue "round-tripping" of structural and piping information! Bentley AutoPIPE enables users to create, modify, and review piping and structural models and their results quickly and easily while offering advanced linear and non-linear analysis capabilities under static and dynamic conditions like temperature, wind, wave, buoyancy, seismic, and transient loadings. Solutions Process Manufacturing Power Generation Mining and Metals Related Software Bentley AutoPIPE Vessel Bentley AutoPIPE Nozzle AutoPIPE Nuclear STAAD.Pro Bentley Navigator Bentley PlantFlow Bentley PULS Blogs | Job Opportunities | Privacy | Terms of Use | Contact Us | Site Map © 2014 Bentley Systems, Incorporated 
 EVOLUTION Pipedata Pro is a computer program that increases efficiency in piping design offices by lightening the burden of looking-up piping information. A valuable asset in the Piping Designers inventory Pipedata Pro Pipedata Pro is easy to use, giving access to a vast knowledge base of pipe, piping components, flanges, valves and piping design data ... CLIENTS Pipedata Pro is used by freelance designers, small businesses and large corporations ... © zeataline 
 Call us: +44 (0)115 951 8800 Events Careers Support Downloads China About us Romax is the world’s leading provider of advanced simulation technologies, design expertise and consulting services for gearbox and driveline systems. Company profile Board of Directors Romax partners Events News Locations Company profile An introduction to Romax The history of Romax Romax innovation Romax awards Romax partners Overview Simulation Technology Research Development Education Events Events Romax Global Forum 2014 News 2013 2012 2011 2010 2014 2009 Industries Romax provides expert consultancy services and market-leading simulation technology for the design of robust high quality gear, driveline and bearing systems across a range of industries. Automotive Off Highway Aerospace Bearings Marine Rail Wind Energy Automotive Overview RomaxDESIGNER Low Carbon Wind Energy Overview Why we are specialists Who we work with Products Romax has been supplying innovative gearbox, bearing and drivetrain solutions to the engineering industry for 20 years. RomaxDESIGNER CONCEPT CAD FUSION Dynamic FUSION InSight The Butterfly drivetrain RomaxWIND RomaxDESIGNER Overview Features Benefits System requirements CONCEPT Overview Features and benefits CAD FUSION Overview Dynamic FUSION Overview InSight Overview The InSight platform Increase revenue Reduce costs Reduce risk Your investment Integrate data The Butterfly drivetrain Overview Features and benefits Core data RomaxWIND Overview Features and benefits Services For monitoring, inspecting, analysing and designing, Romax Technology has world-class knowledge and experience suitable for you. Engineering services Training Support Engineering services Overview Consulting Design Forensic Engineering Analysis Monitoring Customers Our case studies illustrate how we help our customers and partners to embrace innovation and drive growth Our customers Case studies Testimonials Contact us Romax will be exhibiting at Japan's Largest International Exhibition and Conference focused on Wind Energy - Wind Expo 2014, 26th - 28th February at the Tokyo Big Sight, Tokyo, Japan. View this event Optimising electric drivetrains towards a 50% cost reduction and 2% improvement in overall efficiency Download the case study EVs Hybrids CONCEPT software provides rapid gearbox and driveline concept design for faster time to market and improved product quality. Find out more White paper New CAD FUSION - seamless integration with CAD designs for improved modelling efficiency, robustness and collaboration - now released. Find out more Recorded webinar NEW Dynamic FUSION - accurate multibody dynamic models in seconds from Romax DESIGNER and CONCEPT . Find out more Recorded webinar Better Multibody Models for Driveline Dynamics. Wind Expo Tokyo ODIN CONCEPT CAD FUSION Dynamic FUSION Welcome to Romax About Us Wind Energy Solutions InSight Health Management Solutions Find out more InSight Services Consulting, design and engineering Find out more See all services Latest news Announcing the Romax Global Forum 2014 Company News Romax chosen to support all Centrica Energy offshore wind sites Wind Energy News Technology innovation is key to driving newly subsidised offshore wind market Media coverage News Romax UK gains ISO 27001:2013 accreditation Company News All news About us Company profile Board of Directors Romax partners Events News Locations Industries Automotive Off Highway Aerospace Bearings Marine Rail Wind Energy Products RomaxDESIGNER CONCEPT CAD FUSION Dynamic FUSION InSight The Butterfly drivetrain RomaxWIND Services Engineering services Training Support 2001 - 2013 Romax Technology Ltd, Rutherford House, Nottingham Science & Technology Park, Nottingham, NG7 2PZ, UK No. 2345696 Terms of use Privacy policy Cookie policy Contact us The best way to contact us is to complete the form below. However, if you prefer you can call our head office in Nottingham, United Kingdom using the number opposite. Need to talk to us? Call Romax UK headquarters +44 (0)115 951 8800 1) Your details First Name * Last Name * Company * Job Title * Phone Number * Email Address * 2) Company details Department * Industry * - Please select - Aerospace Automotive Bearing Defense Industrial Marine Off-Highway Other Rail Renewable Energy Wind Power Producer Town or City Country * - Please select - Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo The Democratic Republic of The Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Côte D'ivoire Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and Mcdonald Islands Holy See (vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Federated States of Moldova Republic of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Réunion Saint Barthélemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin (French Part) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maartin (Dutch Part) Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and The South Sandwich Islands South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka State of Palestine Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania United Republic of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Bolivarian Republic of Viet Nam Virgin Islands British Virgin Islands U.S. Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Åland Islands Website * 3) Enquiry details Solution interest * - Please select - Simulation software for design analysis Drivetrain engineering services Wind power operation and monitoring Purchase authority * - Please select - I make purchase decisions over $150,000 I make purchase decisions between $50,000 and $149,999 I make purchase decisions up to $50,000 I influence purchase decisions I am not involved with purchase decisions Current customer * - Please select - I am a current user / operator I am not a user / operator Key challenges in your role Do not receive emails from Romax Thank you. We are dealing with your enquiry and will respond as soon as possible. Many thanks, John Alexander Rowley 
 Where applicable, you can see country-specific product information, offers, and pricing. Change country/language X Sign in Worldwide Sites SEARCH Sign in Subscription Customers Autodesk 360 Constructware Discussion group Education Partner portal Autodesk Developer Network Products Support & Learning Communities Buy Store Building Design Entertainment Creation Factory Design Infrastructure Design Plant Design Product Design AutoCAD Design Compare all suites AutoCAD AutoCAD LT All AutoCAD 3ds Max Alias InfraWorks Inventor Maya Simulation products Navisworks Revit All products Autodesk Subscription DWF DWG All viewers Construction Film Television Industrial Equipment Roads Highways All industry solutions Personal Design Creativity Mobile Apps Autodesk 360 cloud services Autodesk 360 Autodesk PLM 360 AutoCAD 360 BIM 360 Field BIM 360 Glue Fusion 360 Sim 360 All cloud services AutoCAD AutoCAD Architecture AutoCAD Civil 3D AutoCAD LT AutoCAD Map 3D AutoCAD Mechanical 3ds Max Alias Inventor Maya Navisworks Revit Simulation Moldflow Vault All Support Learning Installation Licensing System Requirements Downloads Forums Articles Ideas Developer Network Autodesk Events Autodesk University Training Certification Consulting Licensing Options Partner Products Services Subscription Flexible support solutions help you maximize productivity and minimize downtime. Learn more Discussion Groups Blogs Autodesk University All communities Industrial Design Labs Manufacturing Media Entertainment Students Educators Developers Resellers Training Centers Partner Products Services OEM Software Program Strategic Partners Consulting System Integrator Partners Industry Partners Investors The Fusion 360 site is your single source for sharing, discussing, and learning. Visit the Fusion 360 site Buy Online Find a Reseller All Options Buy with Subscription Education Financing Government Licensing Australia ($ AUD) Singapore ($ USD) 日本 (円) 한국 (₩) Europa (Deutsch €) Europe (English €) Europa (Español €) Europe (Français €) Europa (Italiano €) United Kingdom (£) USA Canada ($ USD) Brasil (R$) Close Home Products Inventor Family Overview Features Compare Free trial System requirements Case studies Buy Support Learning Overview Inventor® 3D CAD software offers an easy-to-use set of tools for 3D mechanical design, documentation, and product simulation. Digital Prototyping with Inventor helps you design and validate your products before they are built to deliver better products, reduce development costs, and get to market faster. Compare Inventor FOUNDATIONAL 3D CAD See all features Inventor Professional ADVANCED 3D CAD See all features Get more in a suite Product Design Suite includes expanded, industry-focused toolsets. Compare Explore Product Design Suite Optimize your product development process Design, visualize, and simulate products with our Digital Prototyping solutions. Find your solution Find answers to questions and explore support offerings. Compare support offerings High-quality, Autodesk-approved product extensions integrate easily with Inventor and enhance its capabilities. Learn more Inventor Professional 2014 Trial Product Privacy Notice This Trial Privacy Notice describes a data collection and use program. It applies in the US, Canada, UK, Ireland, and Australia. If you are from another country, you will still need to click to agree to the notice, but the program will not apply to you. This notice explains the information we may collect through this product trial, and how we use it to send you useful, personalized communications (including content about new products and special promotions) by email, phone, in-product and/or on the www.autodesk.com website. We set a cookie to help us understand your activity on www.autodesk.com (and subdomains like store.autodesk.com). We also collect information about how you use this trial product. Scroll down to read more details. We handle personal information in accordance with the Autodesk Privacy Statement . Why we collect this information We offer this trial period so we can learn more about how users like you work with our products. This helps us to improve them, and to provide you with more useful and personalized information about our products and services. Product usage information We may use in-product tools to collect information about your use of our trial product (for example: which features are used, time spent using the product). We stop collecting this product usage information when the trial period ends. Here is a list of information we may collect, which is sent to our servers once a day in encrypted form: Operating system name and version System configuration information, such as processor, memory, and graphics card Autodesk product commands and operations used Aggregate time using the product Name, serial number, and version of Autodesk products on your system Error conditions Format and source of data imported or exported from Autodesk products IP address Cookies We will set a cookie on your browser that will uniquely identify you as a visitor to www.autodesk.com (and subdomains like store.autodesk.com). This cookie will help us understand your activity on our website (for example, if you view certain pages, view a webcast, or participate in a discussion forum). However, this cookie will not collect information about your activities on other websites. You can delete this cookie using your browser settings. Marketing In return for providing you access to a fully functional product, we may communicate with you by email, phone, in-product and/or content we display on the www.autodesk.com website. We want to give you a useful, personalized, and engaging evaluation experience. We will use the information we have collected about your trial product usage and website activity, and other information you might share with us, to help us decide what information will be most relevant and interesting to you. For example, if you indicate that you are involved in civil engineering, we may share information that we have found to be relevant to civil engineers. If you indicate that you are an experienced user or a newer user, we may communicate information to you that is designed to be relevant to your experience level. Autodesk Privacy Statement Product Design Suite Factory Design Suite Simulation Engineering to Order Mockup 360 Industrial Equipment Automotive Building Products, Equipment Fabrication Consumer Products Facebook Twitter YouTube Follow Autodesk Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn All social Products 3D CAD software Construction software Drafting software Painting software Student downloads Design engineering Civil engineering PLM Character animation Movie editing Visual effects Support Learning Product Support Learning Productivity Installation, Registration Activation System Requirements Downloads Community Resources Consulting Training Certification Buy Online store Find a reseller Subscription Support offerings Education licensing About Autodesk Careers Contact us Philanthropy Gallery Investor relations Newsroom Trust Center Autodesk Labs Autodesk Research Autodesk University Privacy | Legal Notices Trademarks | Report Noncompliance | Site map | © Copyright 2014 Autodesk Inc. All rights reserved 
 Revware Reshape Your World Home Application Areas From the President About Us Tom Welsh Products MicroScribe MiGage RevWorks Seamless Integration Data Collection Save Time Money Skiron Laser Community News Contact Us Application Areas Revware is a leading metrology software and equipment manufacturer reshaping your world, one product at a time. Did You Know The world’s largest museum complex, the Smithsonian Institute, uses Revware products in an ongoing effort to understand our heritage and preserve our history. Manufacturing Inspection Research Medical Multi-Media MicroScribe Plugin for Rhino is now available! What is MicroScribe? The MicroScribe is a point-to-point, edge-to-edge data collection tool or alignment tracker for use with attached laser scanners and other types of sensing devices. The combination of the MicroScribe digitizer and RevWorks CAD-driven concept-to-product engineering software shortens the time it takes to generate real-time computer models, drastically reducing product development time. Learn more What is RevWorks? Revware’s own RevWorks® software establishes the connection between the MicroScribe digitizer and SolidWorks solid modeling CAD software, providing the CAD user with the software tools necessary to manage the digitizer and directly collect feature data in real time. Learn more What is MiGage? MiGage™ is the portable metrology solution for MicroScribe digitizers. MiGage is an easy to use PC-based solution for inbound inspection and production quality control. Create robust inspection plans and produce verification reports that can be output in several formats. Learn more What is Skiron? The Skiron™ laser is a compact scanning attachment designed specifically for MicroScribe 6DoF digitizers. In combination, the devices create an inexpensive and compact, yet very effective option which dramatically reduces digitizing time. Learn more Contact Us 
 Forums Resellers Contact Us Press & Media 877.525.4273 3D Design Professional Solutions Third Party Add-ons 3D Printers CubeX Cube Downloads Training & Support Training YouTube Channel Support Contact Support Support & Update Plans Successes Testimonials Industrial Equipment Aerospace Transportation Consumer Products Electronics Case Studies Featured Customers Gallery How to Buy Call us: 877.525.4273 Email us: Sales@Alibre.com Find International Resellers Professional CAD Software Geomagic Design Geomagic Design Elements 3D Printers CubeX Cube Training YouTube Channel Support Support & Update Plans Contact Support Downloads News & Newsletters Geomagic in the News Press Releases Monthly Newsletters Media Contact Info Resellers Become a Reseller Find a Reseller My Account Info 2013 Geomagic. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy 
 moncler jakker Washington Softwares Ltd moncler portugal moncler coat moncler jacket Home Services Investor Relations Faq Downloads Contact Us W.S.L. Products Scitech Desktop Application Web Application Contacts Press Releases Infrastructure Chairman's Byte 
