 Get the Book . Home Articles | Amphitheater | Stories | | Get Listed | Bookstore | Advertise | Contact | Subscribe: * indicates required Email Address * First Name * Email Format html text mobile TeleCourses Workshops and Classes Latest Podcast! On ITunes Listen To A Story: Monkey and Lion* Told By Laura Bobrow Listen To An Amphitheater Event: Karol Brown: Historical Storytelling for Health Education With: Karol and James Brown Looking for VoiceOver? Welcome Click Here for News Archive Learn Storytelling with Our FREE Ecourse! »more Book Review- The Woman Who Flummoxed the Fairies »more Book Review- Social Studies in the Storytelling Classroom New Book Review. "Social Studies in the Storytelling Clasroom." "The shortest distance between two points is a story. If the goal of social studies is to help young students bridge the gap between their experiences an »more Book Review for- Coyote Still Going "Theres a story in storyteller Ty Nolans new book wherein the narrator asks the reader if they recall that sometimes the mountains are not as close as they appear. You set off on your quest and just as you think »more New Text and Audio Stories We have a new text story and a new audio story for you. Jenni Cargill-Strong, one of our directory members from Australia, has listed the first-person story of "Frog and Lettuce" for you to read. And, shes sent us her v »more Video: How About a Slam and Half? »more Book Review- Legends of Sleepy Hollow »more Storytelling- The Original Social Media (TShirt Edition!) Isnt this the truth? The first true way to gather community was (and is) storytelling. Social interactions, education, training, passing on values and more come from the "social media" of stories and storytelling. We ar »more Free Webinars- So You Want to be a Professional Storyteller One of the most popular trainings that we offer. Lets be blunt: You can turn any corner in any city and youll bump into someone who wants to be a professional storyteller. Yet, few of these people are ready for the gen »more Attention Getters for Public Speaking Weve been having some fun with the white-board videos. In this, were are talking about attention getters for presentations and public speaking. Of course, "telling a story" is included as on of the three tips in this s »more Free Webinar: Story Infuse Your Online About Me Bio Lets teach you how to "story infuse" your "About Me" bios in our new, free, on-demand webinar. Storyteller Sean Buvala takes you on a 30-minute webinar talking about 5 tips to improve your "about me" bios that we all ha »more Summer 2013 Coaching Special! Sean Buvala offers telephone or Skype coaching via our special Summer pricing. Youll get a private coaching session with Sean Buvala on any aspect of your storytelling work. This can include performance critique, story »more Amphitheater Returns with Connie Regan-Blake Our newest Amphitheater interview is ready for you! Connie Regan-Blake was on the forefront of the contemporary storytelling revival in the United States. Having been a storyteller since the 1970s, when storytelling as »more Directory Testimonial At our latest Small-Biz Story Slam, Arizona storyteller Mark Compton, made an unplanned testimonial about the way that the Storyteller.net Storytellers Directory worked for him in a recent booking. Heres the 1:04 testi »more New Book Review- Irish King and Hero Tales »more Getting a Directory Page at Storyteller.net Were currently having a problem with the "get listed" link here at Storyteller.net. If you are an oral storyteller and would like to have a listing at Storyteller.net, please contact the director via Email at: sean@stor »more CD Review- The Growing Season "Its challenging to get the subtle feeling just right on a storytelling CD, especially on a recording for children. Many of the visual cues that live storytelling relies on are, of course, missing in a recording. . . On »more New Article: The Importance of Websites for Artists "Put your money where you mouth is..." suggests pro storyteller Kathy Jessup in the newest article here at Storyteller.net. Come read about the things you need to know when considering a new website for your story busine »more Winner of our First Small-Biz Story Slam The staff of Storyteller.net recently launched our very first "StoryRise Small-Biz Storytelling Slam." Our first session here in Arizona was December 1, 2012. Congratulations to our first first-place winner! Darrell Camp »more How to be a Storyteller- Essays and Advice on the Art of Storytelling Our special 15th Anniversary Project is ready for you now! Available now in »more Click Here for News Archive Storyteller.net is More Than 15 Years Press Releases Home Articles | Amphitheater | Stories | | Get Listed | Bookstore | Advertise | Contact | Privacy/Copyright 
