 VIDEO Create A Boundary Surface in Creo Sometimes you need to create a boundary curve in Creo on the fly. 02/24/2014 PTC Continues to Sponsor FIRST Education Events HP Launches New HP Z1 G2 Workstation The Freestyle Subdivisional Modeler in Creo COLUMNS Are You Ready for a Production Data Migration? Up until now you have been somewhat isolated 02/24/2014 PLM Software and Open Source Contribution Open source is a topic that raised alot 02/13/2014 3 Minutes on EXALEAD OnePart Check out this video on EXALEAD and learn 02/12/2014 INSIDE CREO COMMUNITY INDUSTRIAL EQUIPMENT Reports Point to 3 Big Trends in Industrial PLM/ PDM Datakit Participates in SIP Project MEDICAL/ LIFE Vilcek Foundation Announces Winners of the 2014 Prizes ANALYSIS/ SIMULATION CIMdata to Host New Workshops in Germany COLLABORATION INCL. Are You Ready for a Production Data Migration? SHIPBUILDING Digital Prototyping Helps Designers Break Water Speed Record REPURPOSING DATA/ Optimal Solutions Releases Sculptor Version 3.5 AEROSPACE & Aerospace Industries Assoc. to Offer CAD Models to EDUCATION AND CIMdata Takes PLM Training to Boston COMPUTING PLATFORMS Dell Adds MakerBot 3D Printing to Portfolio CONSUMER PRODUCTS Trends and Predictions of 2014 AUTOMOTIVE Penske Races to the Top with PTC's Windchill CREO PTC Explains ThingWorx Acquisition PTC PRODUCTS Customize Windchill 10 Tables for Ease of Use THIRD-PARTY PRODUCTS New Update Radically Simplifies 3D Printing for Creatives DATA OUPUT/ EOS and Airbus Team on Aerospace Sustainability USER/ ORGANIZATION Penske Races to the Top with PTC's Windchill SUSTAINABLE DESIGN Tesla's Supercharger Network Expands Across United States ENERGY Designs for Hope Brings Free Electricity to Remote APPAREL/ FOOTWEAR The Human Solutions Group Launches Apparel Website EOS and Airbus Team on Aerospace Sustainability Aerospace Industries Assoc. to Offer CAD Models to CADENAS Leaner Budgets Boost Innovation in Small Satellite Design 3DCIC Offers Historic Team-up with NAFEMS CIMdata to Host New Workshops in Germany 2014 is Forecast as a Banner Year for Internet of Things 3D Printing Makes Self-Repairing Shoes a Reality The Human Solutions Group Launches Apparel Website Pam Buckingham Tackles PLM at Deckers Outdoor Corp. Tesla's Supercharger Network Expands Across United States Penske Races to the Top with PTC's Windchill PLM Penske Races to the Top with PTC's Windchill PLM On Demand: Webinar on EXALEAD OnePart Are You Ready for a Production Data Migration? Datakit Participates in SIP Project Apps, the Future of PLM? Dell Adds MakerBot 3D Printing to Portfolio PTC Reflects on Customer Demand PTC Reflects on Customer Demand Trends and Predictions of 2014 Celebrities to Attend the 2014 International CES Design a Cell Phone in Creo 2.0 PTC Explains ThingWorx Acquisition Webinar February 27th on Making the Move to Creo Autodesk Announces Delcam Acquisition EOS and Airbus Team on Aerospace Sustainability Dell Adds MakerBot 3D Printing to Portfolio Aras Sponsors Product Innovation 2014 Berlin CIMdata Takes PLM Training to Boston Design a Cell Phone in Creo 2.0 Tesla's Supercharger Network Expands Across United States Designs for Hope Brings Free Electricity to Remote Villages 2013 Algae Biomass Summit Awards Student Scientists Astec Cuts Product Development with 3D Systems Reports Point to 3 Big Trends in Industrial Machinery Hear About Great Plains Design with Creo Doctors Test out Google Glass Goggles in Operating Room Vilcek Foundation Announces Winners of the 2014 Prizes EOS Starts Metal-implant Design and Manufacturing Program Are You Ready for a Production Data Migration? Datakit Participates in SIP Project Aras Sponsors Product Innovation 2014 Berlin PTC Explains ThingWorx Acquisition Customize Windchill 10 Tables for Ease of Use Penske Races to the Top with PTC's Windchill PLM On Demand: Webinar on EXALEAD OnePart Optimal Solutions Releases Sculptor Version 3.5 Contex Debuts Virtual Demonstration Room for Resellers Shipbuilders Praise CAD/CAM Innovations Digital Prototyping Helps Designers Break Water Speed Record Royal Institution of Naval Architects Calls for Papers EOS and Airbus Team on Aerospace Sustainability Tesla's Supercharger Network Expands Across United States 3D Printing Helps Solar Upstart Deliver Energy Everywhere xLM Solutions Joins Aras Partner Program New Update Radically Simplifies 3D Printing for Creatives Shipbuilders Praise CAD/CAM Innovations Two Minutes with Simon Heath, Wincom Consulting Penske Races to the Top with PTC's Windchill PLM Penske Races to the Top with PTC's Windchill PLM Calendar Jobs Industry Spotlights Most Emailed What's New? Sponsors 1. Creating a Twisted Helical Sweep 2. Using Mechanism to Develop Motion in Pro/E Wildfire 2.0 3. How to Use Envelopes to Create Assembly Simplified Reps 4. Build a 3D Parametric Model 5. Embossing and Engraving Text 6. BOM Balloons in Wildfire 2.0 7. Creating a Helical Curve in Pro/ENGINEER Wildfire 8. Improving Performance of Large Assembly Drawings 9. Build a 3D Parametric Model 10. Modeling a Camshaft Using Variable Section Sweep Calendar Jobs Industry Spotlights Most Read What's New? Sponsors 1. How to Use Envelopes to Create Assembly Simplified Reps 2. Build a 3D Parametric Model 3. Build a 3D Parametric Model 4. Creating a Helical Curve in Pro/ENGINEER Wildfire 5. Another Handy tip from Louis Gary Lamit 6. BOM Balloons in Wildfire 2.0 7. Standard Hole Notes in Pro/E 8. Improving Performance of Large Assembly Drawings 9. 3D Scanning Overview 10. Embossing and Engraving Text Calendar Jobs Industry Spotlights Most Read Most Emailed Sponsors ConnectPress Member Benefit Sign up here today ! Upcoming Webinars: Improve Your Design Productivity with PTC Creo Go here to register. Eliminate Duplicate Part Creation by Finding and Reusing Existing Legacy Parts here today. Calendar Jobs Industry Spotlights Most Read Most Emailed What's New? See All Sponsors Sponsor - Most Read Most Emailed What's New? Jobs Industry Spotlights Sponsors See All Calendar 27 Improve Your Design Productivity with PTC Creo Webinar: 01-08 IEEE Aerospace Conference Big Sky Montana 24-27 GPU TECHNOLOGY CONFERENCE San Jose, CA 03 CIMdata's PLM Market & Industry Forum (North America) Ann Arbor, MI 08 CIMdata's PLM Market & Industry Forum (Europe) Bad Homburg, Germany (near Frankfurt) 09 Bridging the Requirements Gap with Model-Based Systems Engineering: A CIMdata Systems Engineering and Simulation & Analysis Knowledge Council Workshop Bad Homburg (Frankfurt), Germany 11 CIMdata's PLM Market & Industry Forum (China) Shanghai, China 16 CIMdata's PLM Market & Industry Forum (Japan) Tokyo, Japan 24-27 COFES 2014: Correcting 2020 Vision Scottsdale, Arizona 27 COE Anaheim, CA 29-May 01 ACE 2014 Chicago Marriott O'Hare, Chicago, IL 12-14 Solid Edge University 2014 Atlanta, GA 28-30 3D Collaboration and Interoperability Congress (3D CIC) Colorado Springs, CO 09-12 Rapid 2014 Detroit Mich. 15-18 PTC Live Global Boston, MA 16-19 Siemens PLM Connection 2014 Orlando, FL 21-22 Product Innovation Congress Sand Diego, CA 21-24 2014 Annual Meeting & EXPO in Denver, Colorado Colorado Convention Center 01-31 Autodesk University 2014 Las Vegas, NV Most Read Most Emailed What's New? Calendar Industry Spotlights Sponsors Search for Jobs Search 1,000s of jobs - Post your resume today! PTC: Pro/E PTC: Windchill and PLM PTC: CoCreate PTC: MathCAD PTC: Arbortext CAE/FEA - Other Most Read Most Emailed What's New? Calendar Jobs Sponsors See All Industry Spotlights Vendor Spotlight: Aras Analysis and Simulation Today: S, Simulation Data Management & New Markets Shake-ups and Strides in 3D Printing Tools, Trends and Progress in Collaboration and Interoperability Workstations and Cloud Computing Coexist CAM Outlook for 2013 
 Home Articles News eNewsletters Subscribe Media Info Contact More Click here to be a part of our Newsletter Click here to request this month's copy of CAD User or back issues Article Search: News Bringing fully integrated BIM to iPads GRAPHISOFT's BIMx app is now available in the Apple App Store CADlogic makes easy work of objects UK CAD software developers CADlogic have launched AEC Easy Block, a library of parametric Architectural blocks New creaform release in the pipeline… Promap Plug-In for AutoCAD 2014 Landmark Information Group has announced a free new AutoCAD 2014 plug-in for its Promap digital mapping service, simplifying the.. 4Projects brings BIM to Android 4Projects has now released its 4Mobile app to Android devices Offshore acquisition for Bentley Bentley has acquired the MOSES software business from Ultramarine, Inc. 4Projects enhanced with new releases Autodesk to acquire Graitec Solutions Autodesk is to acquire Graitec's Advance Steel and Advance Concrete, and the associated R teams The build-up to the hammers continues Case Studies The right treatment GRID Technology Practical Disaster Relief From emergency housing to stylish furniture, Shelter In A Day streamlines production with SAi's EnRoute CNC software solution Horses for water courses Tekla helps the Kelpies rise again as part of the Helix Project in Falkirk Reclaiming Pollokshaws The Complete Works Reviews Building Surveying with BIM An all-round view A useful Artlantis tool for creating 3D panoramas has now been made available for ArchiCAD users Real-time energy analysis Attention to detail Putting Building Information Models to the test The industry finally seems to be catching up with Solibri’s Model Checker thanks to all things BIM, writes David Chadwick Event Focus Appwardly mobile With many of the world's construction press assembled in one location, Bentley used its Year in Infrastructure 2013 Conference.. Opinion BIM for Handover 
 Home Features Field-Reports Techniques Company-News Tech-News ARC Document Solutions Reports Results for Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2013 WALNUT CREEK, CA -- (Marketwired) -- 02/25/14 -- ARC Document Solutions, Inc. (NYSE: ARC), the nations leading document solutions provider for the architecture, engineering, and construction (AEC) industry, today reported its financial results for the fourth quarter and full year ended December 31, 2013. Business Highlights: Annual revenue ..... CONCORD, Calif. , Feb. 25, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Formtek, Inc. , a leading provider of document and content management software and services, announced today that it has signed a Partnership Agreement with Company News: IRVINE, Calif. and LAS VEGAS , Feb. 25, 2014 /PRNewswire/ --VIZIO, Americas #1 Smart TV company 1 Company News: MCLEAN, Va. , Feb. 25, 2014 Company News: IRVINE, Calif. , Feb. 25, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- CoreLogic (NYSE:CLGX), a leading residential property information, analytics and data-enabled services provider, today reported financial results for the full-year and quarter ended December 31 Company News: OAK BROOK, Ill. , Feb. 25, 2014 /PRNewswire/ --Music industry heavy hitters Spinderella , Just Blaze and DJ Clue Company News: TORONTO, ONTARIO -- (Marketwired) -- 02/25/14 -- Altus Group Limited ("Altus Group" or "the Company") (TSX: AIF) today announced financial and operating results for the fourth quarter and full year ended December 31, 2013. In addition, the Company today adopted Advance Notice By-law No 2. Financial Highlights for Full Year 2013: - More News Stories - Get Ready #NABShow comes up fast Animation Magazine WorldAnim Summit ...ctnX n... Stash Magazine Update New PC for Mocap SIGGRAPH 2013: On deck: Fabric Engine - Click Here for Blogs Archives - DMO TEXT LINKS (Click here to place a textlink on this site) HOT THREADS on DMN Forums Rss Real-Time - what users are saying - Right Now! ipod Delete Photos & Pictures on Your iPhone and iPad Completely lamar25 PDAs How to recover deleted data from Android guozai045@126.com Avid Professional Recover Lost Documents from Android SD Card & Phone Storage - Android Recovery fischer24 Re: Recover Lost Documents from Android SD Card & Phone Storage - Android Recovery ipod Delete Voice Memos Completely from iPhone/iPad/iPod touch via PC odom2012 Re: Delete Voice Memos Completely from iPhone/iPad/iPod touch via PC iPad Tablets How to recover deleted photos from iPad Ension23 iPad Tablets Delete Safari Bookmarks on iPhone/iPad/iPod Completely via Computer lamar25 Re: Delete Safari Bookmarks on iPhone/iPad/iPod Completely via Computer Windows OS Delete & Erase Apple ID Completely from iPhone/iPad/iPod Touch maggette86 Re: Delete & Erase Apple ID Completely from iPhone/iPad/iPod Touch Apple Motion Delete & Wipe Viewable Personal Data from your iPhone 5C before Selling odom2012 Re: Delete & Wipe Viewable Personal Data from your iPhone 5C before Selling Adobe GoLive How to Add, Delete, Modify & Copy Text on PDF Files via Mac Computer randolph07 AEC Newsroom A Primer on Data Backup for Small- to Medium-Sized Companies (Video) Dave Avery Camcorders Software Photography Computers Tech DVD Notebooks Office Handhelds Add-Ons Audio Games Phones Toys Theater TVs Music Movies Gadgets Tech News 06/26/13 06/24/13 06/23/13 06/10/13 05/22/13 05/16/13 05/06/13 05/03/13 04/25/13 04/18/13 Company News 02/25/14 02/25/14 02/25/14 02/25/14 02/25/14 02/25/14 02/25/14 02/25/14 02/25/14 02/25/14 
 Home AEC Archaeology Design Building Information Modeling Civil Engineering Construction Electrical Environmental Engineering Fire Protection General AEC Geology HVAC Hydraulics Interior Design Lighting Mining Plumbing Security Structural Survey Theatre Engineering Aerospace Art Bio-mechanical Mechanical Electrical Industrial Design Manufacturing Marine Plant Design Transport Land Info Asset Management Mapping Product Info Pointing Devices Printers Software Storage How To General AutoCAD CAD Standards Customisation IntelliCAD Management Visio Resources Newsflashes CAD Careers CAD News CAD File Downloads Contact Editorial Submissions Advertising Home AEC Archaeology Design Building Information Modeling Civil Engineering Construction Electrical Environmental Engineering Fire Protection General AEC Geology HVAC Hydraulics Interior Design Lighting Mining Plumbing Security Structural Survey Theatre Engineering Aerospace Art Bio-mechanical Mechanical Electrical Industrial Design Manufacturing Marine Plant Design Transport Land Info Asset Management Mapping Product Info Pointing Devices Printers Software Storage How To General AutoCAD CAD Standards Customisation IntelliCAD Management Visio Resources Newsflashes CAD Careers CAD News CAD File Downloads Contact Editorial Submissions Advertising About Privacy Legal Don't miss Award-Winning Yacht Builder Relies on FEA Software Posted 1646 days ago Wauquiez International Sailboat Design Posted 1646 days ago SIMA Shipbuilders Use ALGOR FEA to Design Dredging Barge for Natural Gas Liquids Pipeline Posted 1646 days ago Advanced 3D Modeling Gives America’s Cup Yachts the Edge Posted 1646 days ago Shipbuilding Design and Manufacturing Solutions for the New Millennium Posted 1646 days ago High-Speed, High-Capacity Marine Masterpiece Posted 1646 days ago Thinkdesign Helps Perception Kayaks Keep up With World’s Most Popular Outdoor Sport Posted 1646 days ago Outta This World Chris Hadfield has given us a new view of science and humanity through his engagement with... LSNW Conquers Aerospace Complexity Delcam's CADCAM software has given aerospace subcontractor LSNW Ltd (Lofting Services North West) the tools needed... Aerospace Weight Savings Delcam's PowerMILL CAM system made a major contribution to a recent project for the Airbus A400M... Lockheed Martin Awards nCode Major Contract Lockheed Martin recently awarded nCode, the leading provider of end-to-end systems for the monitoring, collection, analysis... Latest Outta This World Chris Hadfield has given us a new view of science and humanity through his engagement with the world through social media. The cherry on the cake has to be... Posted 285 days ago 0 Delta Tooling and VISI Hand In Hand A precision engineering company develop the world's most advanced commercially available myoelectric prosthetic hand. Posted 440 days ago 0 Volvo FH – a Major Design Challenge for Volvo Trucks New ergonomically optimised Volvo design Posted 450 days ago 0 New CADinfo.net Website CADinfo.net introduces a reworked website with a new design, improved navigation and greatly improved functionality for readers. Posted 471 days ago 0 Dual-Column Version of PowerINSPECT A special version of Delcam's PowerINSPECT inspection software is available for use with dual-column coordinate measuring machines. Posted 490 days ago 0 Weta Workshops Fantastic Projects Winner of multiple Oscars, Weta Workshop, uses Delcam’s CADCAM software to produce props and special effects for blockbuster films. Posted 512 days ago 0 Next Page Google News UI, other Regents universities join new $320 million digital manufacturing ... - Iowa City Press Citizen February 25, 2014 Patti Engineering And Hagbros Precision Announce Strategic Alliance - Manufacturing Business Technology February 25, 2014 Structural Engineering Software Solutions Provider, S-FRAME Software ... - PR Web (press release) February 25, 2014 Project Lead the Way pre-engineering program is pathway to engineering and ... - Winfield Daily Courier Online February 25, 2014 Siemens software grant to aid Cincinnati-area college - Plant Engineering February 24, 2014 Deeper Dive - Software Attacks - Chip Design Magazine (blog) February 21, 2014 CADCAM-INSIDER NEWS English-Chinese language translation for SolidWorks March 21, 2013 Fast Render launches Artlantis Render Farm March 12, 2013 Eleventh Annual KOMPAS-3D Modeling Contest March 3, 2013 Lectra rewards student 3D fashion creativity February 27, 2013 ZW3D Software for 3D Military Design February 27, 2013 OrthoGraph Architect 4.5 supports native Leica DISTO February 23, 2013 advertisement Translate Select Language Afrikaans Albanian Arabic Armenian Azerbaijani Basque Belarusian Bulgarian Catalan Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Croatian Czech Danish Dutch English Estonian Filipino Finnish French Galician Georgian German Greek Haitian Creole Hebrew Hindi Hungarian Icelandic Indonesian Irish Italian Japanese Korean Latvian Lithuanian Macedonian Malay Maltese Norwegian Persian Polish Portuguese Romanian Russian Serbian Slovak Slovenian Spanish Swahili Swedish Thai Turkish Ukrainian Urdu Vietnamese Welsh Yiddish Latest Popular Comments Outta This World Chris Hadfield has given us a new view of... Posted 285 days ago 0 Delta Tooling and VISI Hand In Hand A precision engineering company develop the world's most advanced... Posted 440 days ago 0 Volvo FH – a Major Design Challenge for Volvo Trucks New ergonomically optimised Volvo design Posted 450 days ago 0 Drafix Professional CAD The essential difference between Drafix QuickCAD and Drafix Professional... Posted 1939 days ago 9 IntelliCAD for Free IntelliCAD made a considerable impression when initially released by... Posted 5170 days ago 6 Heavy Duty Righthand Drive Conversions Posted 1647 days ago 5 Chris says: I have a Ford F250 right hand drive 2002 XLT ... bob says: Rob Shanks says: Where can I purchase a set of chrome plated g... Videos AEC Anshen + Allen Uses ArchiCAD to Transform Shipping Containers Into Clinics for the Developing World Withstanding The Elements With FEA Documenting a Dig Smart Start High-Tech Earthquake Relief Effort Rushes to Turkey Engineering Outta This World Delta Tooling and VISI Hand In Hand Volvo FH – a Major Design Challenge for Volvo Trucks Dual-Column Version of PowerINSPECT Weta Workshops Fantastic Projects Land Information Documenting a Dig Stakeless Site Development at El Dorado Hills Jerusalem Solves Problems With Modern Technology KHIRBET CANA Could This be the Ancient Biblical Town? Aerospace Outta This World Tower Tools Seals Boeing Success Delcam CADCAM Helps LSNW to Conquer Aerospace Complexity Defining an Airlines Brand Delcams PowerMILL Aids Aerospace Weight Savings at Tritech Products FloorPlan 3D Design Suite SmartSketch v4.0 3D Home Architect Deluxe SmartDraw ZIP Drive How to DWG File Wont Load or Save Custom Toolbars in AcceliCAD Lines, Layers, Colors More About Blocks Block Basics About CADinfo.net is an ever-changing resource center in the evolution of automated design, engineering and manufacture. CADinfo.net at-a-glance 55% - AEC disciplines 42% - Mechanical /Manufacturing disciplines 93% - Professional or para-professional 80% - Recommend or approve expenditure or both 70% - Repeat visitors Popular Tags industrial design intellicad marine aircraft solidworks FEA solid edge easy cad blocks Inventor manufacturing aerospace plastic molding 3D design xrefs cad standards autocad thinkdesign pro/Engineer moulding rapid prototyping archaeology Algor alias|wavefront Links AEC Videos CAD Engineering Book Store CADCAM-insider.com Free CAD Software Free email Free Technical Mags Ten Links upFront eZine Home AEC Archaeology Design Building Information Modeling Civil Engineering Construction Electrical Environmental Engineering Fire Protection General AEC Geology HVAC Hydraulics Interior Design Lighting Mining Plumbing Security Structural Survey Theatre Engineering Aerospace Art Bio-mechanical Mechanical Electrical Industrial Design Manufacturing Marine Plant Design Transport Land Info Asset Management Mapping Product Info Pointing Devices Printers Software Storage How To General AutoCAD CAD Standards Customisation IntelliCAD Management Visio Resources Newsflashes CAD Careers CAD News CAD File Downloads Contact Editorial Submissions Advertising About Privacy Legal Copyright © 1996-2012 CADinfo.net published by Digital Business Media | ISSN 1442-2255 x 
 Home Features Field-Reports Techniques Company-News Tech-News Summit Evolution Software by DAT/EM Systems Internationalnow processes CartoSat1 Satellite Imagery Anchorage, Alaska, USA. (PRWEB) February 25, 2014 Anchorage, Alaska, USA. February 25, 2014 DAT/EM Systems International introduces the capability to process highresolution CartoSat1 satellite imagery in its flag... CONCORD, Calif. , Feb. 25, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Formtek, Inc. , a leading provider of document and content management software and services, announced today that it has signed a Partnership Agreement with Company News: Company News: TORONTO, ON and LAS VEGAS, NV(via eTeligis.com) TORONTO, ON and LAS VEGAS, NV- via eTeligis Company News: Company News: Company News: - More News Stories - Get Ready #NABShow comes up fast Animation Magazine WorldAnim Summit ...ctnX n... Stash Magazine Update New PC for Mocap SIGGRAPH 2013: On deck: Fabric Engine - Click Here for Blogs Archives - HOT THREADS on DMN Forums Rss Real-Time - what users are saying - Right Now! ipod Delete Photos & Pictures on Your iPhone and iPad Completely lamar25 PDAs How to recover deleted data from Android guozai045@126.com Avid Professional Recover Lost Documents from Android SD Card & Phone Storage - Android Recovery fischer24 Re: Recover Lost Documents from Android SD Card & Phone Storage - Android Recovery ipod Delete Voice Memos Completely from iPhone/iPad/iPod touch via PC odom2012 Re: Delete Voice Memos Completely from iPhone/iPad/iPod touch via PC iPad Tablets How to recover deleted photos from iPad Ension23 iPad Tablets Delete Safari Bookmarks on iPhone/iPad/iPod Completely via Computer lamar25 Re: Delete Safari Bookmarks on iPhone/iPad/iPod Completely via Computer Windows OS Delete & Erase Apple ID Completely from iPhone/iPad/iPod Touch maggette86 Re: Delete & Erase Apple ID Completely from iPhone/iPad/iPod Touch Apple Motion Delete & Wipe Viewable Personal Data from your iPhone 5C before Selling odom2012 Re: Delete & Wipe Viewable Personal Data from your iPhone 5C before Selling Adobe GoLive How to Add, Delete, Modify & Copy Text on PDF Files via Mac Computer randolph07 AEC Newsroom A Primer on Data Backup for Small- to Medium-Sized Companies (Video) Dave Avery Camcorders Software Photography Computers Tech DVD Notebooks Office Handhelds Add-Ons Audio Games Phones Toys Theater TVs Music Movies Gadgets Tech News 06/26/13 06/24/13 06/23/13 06/10/13 05/22/13 05/16/13 05/06/13 05/03/13 04/25/13 04/18/13 Company News 02/25/14 02/25/14 02/25/14 02/25/14 02/25/14 02/25/14 02/25/14 02/25/14 02/25/14 02/25/14 
 DE : Loading The Mod(ular) Squad ShopBot Founder to Keynote 3DCIC Kubotek Webinar on FEA C3D Labs Releases V15 of Its Geometric Kernel Mellanox Introduces CloudX Platform New 3D Printer From iD3 Intergraph Releases SmartPlant PID 2014 BuildIT Updated AutoCAD 2014 Review: Improving Your Design Workflow The Costs of the Cloud Conduct Fatigue Analysis using FE What Not to Do: Outside Engineering Experts Weigh In 3D Printing on the Cheap Lost in Simulation SolidWorks: Breaking Down the Performance Wall PTC Mathcad Express: Free for Life Capturing the Workstation Speed Crown New to Finite Element Analysis? Optimization Leader Profiles Altair Aras CD-adapco CST ETA ESTECO IronCAD RTT Tormach From own to rent, from all-in-one to pick-what-you-want -- modular software and rental programs emerge to address the needs of activist-inventors. by Kenneth Wong A t age three, David Hutton decided he wanted to be an inventor. At 13, he began designing a water pump based on what hed learned in a physics lesson. Dreaming big, he imagined his device would solve the irrigation problems of the Third World. It wasnt smooth sailing for the budding engineer, however. As it turned out, my designwas technically impossible, he recalls. Subsequent research highlighted the flaws of pumps in the developing world, from lack of maintenance to unavailability of replacement parts. Build It, and They Will Come by Pamela J. Waterman Multi-material 3D printing just might elevate your prototyping to new levels. Sensor Selection: by Jim Romeo Desktop Engineering offers some insight into successful sensor selection. A Tale of Three Monitors by David Cohn These three new Z-series IPS displays from HP deliver great images at 24, 27 and 30 inches. Medical Device Manufacturers by Mark Clarkson In a heavily regulated industry, comprehensive product lifecycle management is fast becoming a practical necessity. Accuracy and Checking in FEA Part 2 by Tony Abbey Lets take a closer look at finite element analysis model checking aspects, including supplementary or auxiliary analyses set up to confirm correct model behavior. FEA Loading Tips by Tony Abbey The smoother your finite element analysis loading process, the easier your workload will be. 2D 3D: The Best of Both Worlds by Beth Stackpole Automotive manufacturers have embraced an integrated workflow that incorporates elements of both direct and indirect 3D modeling. Workstation Review: by David Cohn With the debut of the ThinkStation E32 SFF, Lenovo updates its small form factor entry-level workstation. Collaborate on Simulation Data by Sanjay Angadi With simulation now standard, it is imperative to properly store and manage simulation data. Its Time for Manufacturing by Jamie J. Gooch Advanced manufacturing initiatives move forward. Optimize Sheet Metal Structures Efficiently Dassault SIMULIA Tosca Structure 8.0 for non-parametric structural optimization released. Vibro-Acoustic Simulator Updated Aras Innovator 10 PLM Platform Released CorelCAD 2014 Introduces Ribbon User Interface CFD Suite Upgraded PTC Introduces PTC Mathcad Prime 3.0 PCB Design System Now Has Mobile Touch App DE DE magazine. Get the Kenneth Wong's Virtual Desktop widget and many other great free widgets at Widgetbox ! Not seeing a widget? ( More info ) Get the Desktop Engineering's Video Feed widget and many other great free widgets at Widgetbox ! Not seeing a widget? ( More info ) Rapid Ready Tech News widget and many other great free widgets at Widgetbox ! Not seeing a widget? ( More info Engineering On The Edge widget and many other great free widgets at Widgetbox ! Not seeing a widget? ( More info DESIGN PROTOTYPE TEST COMPUTING Intergraph Releases SmartPlant PID 2014 BuildIT Updated Mastercam Mill-Turn Streamlines Programming Hexagon Metrology Introduces a New SF Shop Floor CMMs Design Checker Available for Autodesk Exchange Kubotek Webinar on FEA CAE Fidesys Now Available in Autodesk Exchange Apps Store CFD Simulation Tool Provides Abstract Modeling to the Altair Partner Alliance SAP HANA to Include IMSL Numerical Libraries Algorithms 3DynaFS CFD Software Updated With New Specializations New 3D Printer From iD3 MakerBot Announces Innovation Centers for Universities and Businesses Sixense MakeVR Integrated with Shapeways EOS, Airbus Group Innovations Team on Aerospace Sustainability Study for Industrial 3D Printing It's Time for Manufacturing SAKOR Wins Grant for Thermal Transient Anemometer Work Merit Introduces BP Series Blood Pressure Sensors Gems Sensors Controls Partners With TraceParts Altium and Rosenberger Partner on PCB Design Small Liquid Flow Sensors Available Silicon Mechanics Offers NVIDIA Tesla K40 GPU Accelerator StorMagic Joins Dell Technology Partner Program A Tale of Three Monitors Performance in a Petite Package Eurocom Panther 5SE Supports Multiple Operating Systems HOME | MCAD/CAM | ANALYSIS/SIMULATION | COMPUTERS/PERIPHERALS | RAPID TECHNOLOGIES | ABOUT US PRIVACY POLICY | SITE MAP 2014, Desktop Engineering, Design Engineering Technology News Magazine 
 Subscribe Blog Recent Blog Comments "Blog feed" RSS Feed Informer BIMx Docs This review takes a comprehensive look at GRAPHISOFT’s new BIMx Docs app, which includes the sophisticated and intuitive 3D model navigation capabilities of its predecessor, BIMx, and extends the scope of the viewing and navigation to 2D content as well, enabling all the models as well as the ... Performance Based Design: Why Real-Time Feedback is Better Than Intuition In this Viewpoint article,Ara Massey, Sustainable Design Manager at Slaterpaull Architects, describes how important it is for her to try and understand the impact of early stage design decisions on building performance when designing green buildings. In the absence of better methods, she had to rely ... AEC Exhibitor Highlights from Autodesk University 2013 This article provides an overview of some of the key AEC technology products that were on display in the Exhibit Hall at Autodesk University 2013 last month, including ArchVision's upcoming RPC Creator, Axomic's OpenAsset BIM plug-in for Revit, Sefaira for Revit for easier early stage energy analysis, … Autodesk University 2013 This year's Autodesk University, Autodesk's annual user conference in the US, was held last week from Dec 3 to Dec 5 in Las Vegas, and as always, it was a great way to learn about the latest technology updates and upcoming developments from Autodesk, across all of the main industries it serves ... Newsletters Highlights of AEC technology events, overviews of product releases and updates Reviews Indepth reviews of a wide range of applications for building design and construction Features AEC technology implementation by firms and projects around the world, highlights of conferences and events Building the Future The advanced use of technology by AEC firms, future technological trends, developments in AEC technology research Viewpoints Broader perpectives on AEC technology from AEC firms and industry executives, universities, and research organizations Tips and Tricks Learning tips, tutorials, and hands-on exercises by experts in individual AEC applications Home Newsletter Reviews Features Building the Future Viewpoint Tips and Tricks Research Reports VendorHub Blog Subscribe About Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use © 2003-2014 Lachmi Khemlani, AECbytes. All rights reserved. Site Design by Vitalect Inc. 
 CAD Management Early Design Conceptual Design Industrial Design Reverse Engineering CAD 2D Drafting  AutoCAD Other 2D 3D Modeling Product Design Building Design Civil Engineering Design Testing & Analysis Prototyping Computer-Aided Engineering Sustainability Design Visualization Collaboration File Sharing/Publishing Product Lifecycle Management Building Information Modeling data Management Hardware Workstations Graphics Cards Displays Wide-Format Printers Wide-Format Scanners 3D Printers Tips & Tools CAD Tips Video Tips Tips & Tools Weekly Software Tutorials Job Search Log in / Register Entire site Article Author Event News Manufacturing AEC GIS CAD Management Cadalyst Magazine Purchase Latest Issue Cadalyst Access Program Magazine Archives (2004-2009) E-Newsletters Tips Tools Archives CAD Managers Newsletter Archives AEC Newsletter Archives MCAD Newsletter Archives GIS Tech News Archives HP Workstation Innovation News Dell Tech Insider Harrys Code Class Archives Subscribe E-newsletters CAD Software Hardware Reviews Columns CAD Manager Column, by Robert Green Circles Lines AutoCAD Tutorial, by Lynn Allen s Window Editorials, by Nancy Spurling Johnson Learning Curve AutoCAD Tutorial, by Bill Fane User Profile Column Guest Column CAD Software Tutorials All CAD Tutorials Circles Lines AutoCAD Tutorial, by Lynn Allen Learning Curve AutoCAD Tutorial, by Bill Fane CAD Tips Tools CAD Software Tutorials Cadalyst CAD Tips - Tips and Downloadable AutoCAD Code Cadalyst Benchmark Test Programming Tips Tools Weekly Newsletter Archives Video Tips Gallery CAD Video Gallery All Cadalyst Videos All-in-One Video Tips by Curt Moreno (Sponsored by HP) AutoCAD Video Tips by Lynn Allen CADspeed: Hardware Blog Cadalyst Benchmark Test CAD Events Calendar CAD Cartoons Reader Polls Subscriber Services Job Search Cadalyst Store Advertising Industrial Exhibition All Software Applications What’s New at Cadalyst More New Articles Article SolidWorks World 2014, Part 2: Trends on Display in the Partner Pavilion 25 Feb, 2014 New offerings in the exhibit hall emphasize expanded 3D printing capabilities and tools that move the heavy lifting of design and rendering off the desktop. More Article Tips Tools Weekly (Vol. 19, No. 6) 24 Feb, 2014 Try the Array option that was added to the Copy command in AutoCAD 2012, plus more tips, tools, and resources for CAD managers and users. More Video Try the Array Option in AutoCADs Copy Command 24 Feb, 2014 If you’ve ever wanted to make multiple copies of an object equidistant from each other, you’re going to love the low-stress Array option that was added to the Copy command in AutoCAD 2012. Join Autodesk Evangelist Lynn Allen as she shows you this handy new tool that you can start using right... More Article HP ZBook 14 13 Feb, 2014 First Look Review: Lightweight mobile workstation for CAD on the go. More Article Find CAD Training Resources on YouTube 12 Feb, 2014 Looking for new learning materials? There is a wealth of options just waiting to be discovered. More Article To Manage CAD, Understand Project Deadlines 12 Feb, 2014 Align your CAD management tasks to support project deadlines for less stress and smoother project completions. More Latest News from Cadalyst Partners Feed YouTube video: Autodesk Gallery: The Art of Macoto Murayama 25 Feb, 2014 More Read more Its Alive in the Lab blog posts Feed Interoperability, Consolidation, Integration: What If We Could Make It All Go Away? 24 Feb, 2014 Weve been talking about how to get the most out of your CAD installation, and whether it might be time to re-evaluate what you have. One... More Read more PTC Creo blog posts Feed Revit 2014 Update Release 1 Now Available For Download - Crash Reductions or Enhancements? 19 Jul, 2013 I am curious how fixing bugs is referred to as "Enhancements". s like saying you gained 50 pounds to make you more well rounded.... More Read more BIMbuilder blog posts Feed How to Replace the Viewport Compass with your Company Logo 5 Jul, 2013 Have you ever wanted to replace the boring viewport compass with something else like your company logo?... More Read more SolidWorks Blog posts Feed Friday Smackdown: And the Punches Flew 21 Feb, 2014 Long, drawn into the side of a cheek that was five inches of skin atop 20 inches of muscles. How many hits does it take to break a capillary in a... More Read more SolidSmack blog posts CAD News More news | Send news News on your site Lynn Allen's AutoCAD Tips In her easy-to-follow, friendly style, long-time Cadalyst contributing editor and Autodesk Technical Evangelist Lynn Allen guides you through a different AutoCAD feature in every edition of her popular Circles and Lines tutorial series. For even more AutoCAD how-to, check out Lynn's quick tips in the Cadalyst Video Gallery . Subscribe to Cadalyst's Tips Tricks Tuesdays free e-newsletter and we'll notify you every time a new video tip is available. All exclusively from Cadalyst! Follow Lynn on Twitter Poll When did you last have formal CAD training or attend a CAD software user conference? Within the past year Within the past two years Within the past five years Within the past ten years More than ten years ago Never CAD Management Expertise from Robert Green Cadalyst's CAD management expert Robert Green shares field-tested advice in his CAD Manager column and CAD Manager's Newsletter . From CAD standards and training to technology insight to professional self-improvement, Green covers topics that give today's CAD manager an edge. Subscribe to CAD Manager's Newsletter today! Follow Robert Green via CAD Managers Unite ! on Facebook About Cadalyst | Contact | Subscribe: Magazine | Subscribe: Newsletters Advertise | Media Kit | Terms of Use | Linking and RSS Policy | Privacy Policy Longitude Media Please send any technical comments or questions to our webmaster 
 Journal Description Computer-Aided Design and Applications (ISSN 1686-4360) is an independent, international peer-reviewed technical journal dedicated to the applications of computer-aided design and manufacturing. The journal publishes papers in both traditional areas as well as in some new and emerging fields. Examples of traditional topics are solid and heterogeneous modeling, data bases, data exchange, standards, virtual reality, collaborative, conceptual and feature based design, numerical control, design computing, artificial intelligence, finite element methods, and reverse engineering. On the emerging side the journal is seeking contributions in fields like bio-engineering, CAD in garment, shoe and jewelry design, PLM, CAD in fashion, CAD in the arts and creative media, knowledge-based engineering. Web CAD, CAD education, CAD hardware and human factors. The journal welcomes technical papers on new technologies and their implications; application papers on applications of existing techniques; survey papers on the state-of-the art in a particular sub-domain; review papers on current events/developments; and product demonstrations to keep the readers up to date on important new products. Computer-Aided Design and Applications is aimed at researchers, academics, developers, technical and business managers, as well as members of relevant government sectors working in or responsible for the general area of CAD/CAM. Disciplines represented include various forms of engineering; industrial design and general manufacturing; many disciplines of science, e.g. mathematics, computer science and psychology; arts and creative design; bio-medical areas; CAD/CAM enterprises dealing with large scale product management, multi-national consulting and system building. Cross Referencing Network with us Become a Member Attend the Conference Home Guide for Authors Paper Submission Journal Topics Editorial Board Editorial Policies Table of Contents Special Issues Journal Subscription Conferences Listings Electronic Access Contact Us Coverage Special issue announcement: 3-D Printing Paper Categories Copyright (C) by the Publisher CAD Solutions, LLC Username: Password: Readership Computer-Aided Design and Applications provides electronic access to all papers in full color. If you are a current subscriber, please login on the left hand side or go directly to the restricted pages if you are a customer with IP authentication . If you are not a subscriber yet, you may proceed to the subscription page to purchase an annual subscription. Electronic Access 
 custservice@eliresearch.com (800) 223-8720 Skip navigational links, jump to content My Cart Checkout Log In Log-in options Remember Me Forget your password? Site Search: Home About Us Store Your Resources FAQs Contact Us Welcome Forget your password? Want online access? Click here for details. All Categories Business Professionals IT Web Professionals Graphic Digital Designers Adobe Photoshop Inside Microsoft Excel Inside Microsoft Office E-Reference Publications Quick Answers CDs Quick Reference Guides QuickSkills Kits Smart Tips and Quick Tricks Classic Rare-to-find Video Quick Reference Card Bundles Business Professionals Microsoft Excel Inside Microsoft Excel Microsoft Access Inside Microsoft Access Microsoft Word Inside Microsoft Word Microsoft PowerPoint Inside Microsoft PowerPoint Microsoft Office Inside Microsoft Office Microsoft Office Power User Bundle Microsoft Outlook Microsoft Windows Inside Microsoft Windows XP Macintosh The MacAuthority The Internet Project Management Adobe Photoshop Inside Photoshop IBM Lotus Notes Resources for Educators Inside Microsoft Access Inside Microsoft Windows XP Inside Microsoft Excel Inside Microsoft Access Inside Microsoft PowerPoint The MacAuthority Inside Microsoft Word Microsoft Project QuickBooks Computer Security IT Web Professionals Visual Studio Developer Visual Studio Developer Microsoft Windows Inside Microsoft Windows XP Windows Professional Microsoft Windows Server 2003 Solutions Macintosh The MacAuthority Novell Netware Sun Solaris Oracle Oracle Professional Microsoft SQL Server SQL Server Solutions Microsoft Visual Basic Visual Studio Developer Computer Support Inside Microsoft Windows XP Windows Professional Microsoft Active Server Pages Web Development Design Project Management Crystal Reports A+ Certification Adobe Acrobat Linux Server Admin Graphic Digital Designers Adobe Photoshop Inside Photoshop Adobe Illustrator Adobe InDesign Inside Adobe InDesign Quark Digital Photography Microsoft FrontPage Web Design Inside Web Design AutoCAD Inside AutoCAD General Design Creative Designer Graphics and Office Super Bundle Adobe Acrobat Products Graphic Digital Designers Get a FREE Issue (PDF; 960 kb) Inside AutoCAD Inside AutoCAD takes you under the hood of the world's premier 3 dimensional design tool. Every issue of Inside AutoCAD is packed with power user level advice that will help you... Discover hidden features and avoid time wasting mistakes. Learn expert level programming techniques with step-by-step articles that show you how. Don't allow your professional skills to be limited by confusing manuals. Let Inside AutoCAD 's working pros share their real-world solutions and tricks for success with you! Don't wait another minute. Subscribe to Inside AutoCAD ... Today! $197.00 Add to cart Benefits Product Overview Online Options Site License Every issue of Inside AutoCAD is packed from cover to cover with professional level solutions for architects, engineers and designers like you. Upgrade mania got you pulling your hair out? Inside AutoCAD gives you the jump on the latest releases. Will upgrading help the bottom line, or not. Learn power user programming techniques! AutoLISP and VBA tricks that save you time and trouble. There's a surprise in every box! AutoCAD is loaded with little-known features. We'll show you where they are and how to use them for maximum creative effect. Wow clients with superb presentation detail. Discover 3 foolproof methods for adding realistic detail... guaranteed to get your presentation to the top of the heap. Break into a New Dimension. 2 newly released enhancements double the accuracy of radial and arc dimensions. And lots more! ...Add Inside AutoCAD to your cart now! Our 100% Guarantee: We're confident that each bi-monthly issue of Inside AutoCAD will become an essential tool for your success in the fast paced 3 dimensional design field. We stand behind Inside AutoCAD with our no-strings-attached money back guarantee. If you are ever dissatisfied with your subscription for any reason you may receive a full refund of the entire cost of your subscription Its as simple as dialing 1 (800) 223-8720. Online Membership Benefits With your subscription, you'll get 12 months of unlimited online access to your current month's journal issue, plus 12 months of unlimited online access to the entire database of articles published in previous issues of your journal. Thanks to our Solution Center's quick and easy online search capabilities, you'll find solutions to your specific computer and software problems--instantly! A Solution Center site license offers unlimited access to a complete reference library containing thousands of articles, tips, and professional solutions only a mouse click away. The comprehensive, easy-to-use, how-to information you値l find in our Solution Center covers the specific hardware and software applications you and your colleagues use every day. Choose from a complete line of Business and Personal Computing , Graphics and Design , and IT and Web-related topics including Microsoft Windows XP, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft Office XP, Microsoft Windows 2003 Server, Adobe Photoshop, AutoCAD, and more. Many K-12 schools, universities, Fortune 500 corporations, and government agencies across the country are utilizing our online Solution Center as their primary training resource. Others use it as a cost-effective reference database providing invaluable support to IT help desks, trainers, office workers, and everyone within their organization. Exclusive online-only content Print and online combinations Entire content library site licenses Click here for more information about the site license program. Eli Journals Toll-Free: (800) 223-8720 / (800) 472-0148 International: 1-800-472-0148 Fax: (800) 508-2592 Click here to contact us About Us | Contact Us | Eli Journals 2014 | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions 
