 LAMBDA Institute of Gay and Lesbian Studies Funded by the LAMBDA Educational Research Foundation Recent Developments and Related Organization News The Lambda Organization A Historical Look Overview of the Organization Purpose - Mission of the Organization Philosophy of the Organization Code of Ethics of the Organization Fee-for-Service Membership How to Contact the Organization Lambda Resources and Services Services of the Organization Library of Resources Discussion News Group Call for Resources Courses and Programs Planned Links to Community Resources and Supporting Organizations Recent Developments and Related Organization News Long-range Planning Task Group Posted: Thursday, November 4, 1999. Involvement with LAMBDA Posted: Saturday, November 6, 1999. A HISTORICAL LOOK Perceptions magazine, out of Saskatoon, SK, February 1994, after we received our Certificate of Incorporation, January 10, 1994: What Difference Should It Make? Mission Statement which reads "The Foundation promotes research into Gay and Lesbian issues and lifestyles for the purpose of public education." Perceptions Up to choices . OVERVIEW of the Foundation and the Institute of Gay and Lesbian Studies Foundation was established as a non-profit and autonomous organization in 1994. The LAMBDA Institute Up to choices . PURPOSE - MISSION critical thinkers, and effective communicators on lesbian and gay issues. Philosophy to engage in, support and pursue research using scientific research methodologies, into all aspects of the lesbian and gay experience in the areas of literature, sexuality, relationships, psychology and socioeconomic development. Up to choices . SERVICES The Foundation is responsible for governing the Institute; it will focus on funding, financial matters and other services. Adult, and pre-adult programs Peer support training and certification Life skills training Consulting Research Libraries and archives Speaker's Bureau Oratorical programs Parliamentary procedure Board development Groups for learning Literary and debating sessions Academic services Referral services An important note: OTHER INFORMATION SERVICES Up to choices . LIBRARY OF RESOURCES Coming Out PFLAG's Is Homosexuality a Sin? What Difference Does It Make? Words to Live By Up to choices . DISCUSSION NEWS GROUP The Newsgroup for Lambda Education dialogue is at alt.org.lambda.education Or you can try our test link: Lambda Newsgroup Up to choices . CALL FOR RESOURCES LAMBDA Organization Up to choices . COURSES and Programs PLANNED e-mail to Lambda PERSONAL GROWTH, SELF-CONCEPT, IDENTITY Religion and Homosexuality RELATIONSHIP SKILLS Planning Your Holy Union [Wedding] Living in a Mixed Orientation Marriage ORGANIZATIONAL AND COMMUNICATION SKILLS HELP WANTED: These are the courses and programs we seek help in developing . These are not necessarily the final titles of any course, but they give an idea of what we are seeking. If you are interested in working with the Lambda team on developing one of these topics or submitting a URL for linking to a topic, please e-mail us at Lambda COMMUNITY SERVICE AND EDUCATION Gay Activisim RELATIONSHIP SKILLS Homosexual Families PERSONAL GROWTH, SELF-CONCEPT, IDENTITY Revealing Yourself [Disclosure of Sexual Orientation] SPECIAL ISSUES AND TOPICS Up to choices . CODE OF ETHICS You are invited to read our Code of Ethics Up to choices . FEE-FOR-SERVICE Up to choices . MEMBERSHIP Membership Fees Membership Policy The annual Individual The annual Subscription Recognition of Contributions Bronze Silver Gold Up to choices . HOW TO CONTACT THE ORGANIZATION TO CONTACT US, please send an e-mail Up to choices . Links to Community Resources and Supporting Organizations Canadian Gay, Lesbian & Bisexual Resource Directory OUTreach Queer Academy Sexual Orientation Resource List Queer Resources Directory Women's Studies Database, Diversity/Sexual Orientation Diversity Conferences of Alberta Orlando Books Up to choices . Sites To Be Seen Up to the EServer! Gender and Sexuality This page publishes texts which address gender studies and queer studies,with a particular focus upon discussions of sex, gender, sexual identityand sexuality in cultural practices. % Gay? 20-20 transcript A Guide to Self-Control Bi The Way... Bisexuality and How to Use It: Toward a Coalitional Identity Politics Blacklash Bornstein: A Transgender Transsexual Postmodern Tiresias Cheerleaders for Reproduction Christian Kissing Clubland Concerned Women of America Cross-Gender Communication Cultural elite Cultural Necessity of Queer Families Divisions that Kill Domestic Partnership Exploding the Gene Myth: Interview with Ruth Hubbard Events in the Queer Community Facts on Working Women Fantasies-of-Straight-Men Feminism Foundations of a Legal Family Frat Boy Fetishism Gay films Gay in the States Gay Mediaeval History Gay Statistics Gay Studies Programs Gay World Gender 3 Gender Slumming Gender War and the Search for Utopia Girl Clothes in a Box Girl's Guide to Condoms Griggers: Lesbian Bodies Guerrilla Girls History of Homosexuality Holy Homosexuality, Batman! The Love Port Madonna's Revenge Mag-Life Crisis Mapping Sexual Geographies Marketing Angry Women Miscellaneous Queer Info Myth of the Million Man March Necessity of Queer Families NGLTF: Hate Crimes Nymphomania Of Arms and the Woman On Choosing a Homosexual Lifestyle Our Family Values! The Paul Rosenfels Collection Dean Hannotte's Introduction to "Homosexuality: The Psychology of The Creative Process" ,  Homosexuality: The Psychology of The Creative Process (1971, 368Kb),  Freud and the Scientific Method (1980, 177Kb),  Letters to Dean (1981, 66Kb),  Love and Power: The Psychology of Interpersonal Creativity (1966, 428Kb) ,  The Nature of Civilization (1977, 155Kb),  The Nature of Psychological Maturity (1978, 58Kb),  Psychic Exhaustion and the Growth Process (1976, 45Kb),  Psychoanalysis and Civilization (1962, 410Kb),  The Relationship of Adaptation and Fun and Pleasure to Psychological Growth (1975, 98Kb),  A Renegade Psychiatrist's Story (1979, 155Kb, Rosenfels' autobiography),  Subjectivity and Objectivity: Further Aspects of Psychological Growth (1974, 52Kb),  We Knew Paul: Conversations with Friends and Students of Paul Rosenfels, edited and with an Introduction by Dean Hannotte (1990, 574Kb) Perpetrate My Fist! Personals are Political Pornography and Damage Preventing Sexual Harrassment Prostitution Queer Frontiers: Queer Theory and Studies Pages Queer Media Queer Resources Directory Queer Timeline Real and Ideal Body Image Rejecting the Gay Brain (and choosing homosexuality) Rosenfels: The Paul Rosenfels Collection Sex and the Cybergirl Sex Glossary Sexual/Gender Identity Sexual Harassment at CMU Resources Memo ,  Policy ,  Assault ,  Grievance ,  Panel ,  Resources Staging the Slut: Hyper-Sexuality in Performance Stone: The Empire Strikes Back Stone: Violation & Virtuality Stone: What Vampires Know Stonewall History Stranger in a Familiar Land: Gender, Race, Sexuality, and Academe Streets of San Francisco TA Guide: Overcoming Homophobia Toussaint: The Glass Ceiling Transcripts, Laws and Articles Truong: Gender Issues Online TV Heroines & Money UC Berkeley Queer Gopher Voting for Porn Where Were the Women? Women and AIDS Women and Girls Take the Heat Women's Wire Maintained by webmaster@eserver.org Skip to page Content. NEW YORK UNIVERSITY ARTS AND SCIENCE COLLEGE OF ARTS AND SCIENCE GRADUATE SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SCIENCE Home People Undergraduate Program Events Center for the Gender and Sexuality Studies Department of Social and Cultural Analysis Stay Connected Facebook Twitter The undergraduate Program in Gender and Sexuality Studies is administered through the new Department of Social and Cultural Analysis and offers a broad interdisciplinary investigation of gender and sexuality as keys to understanding human experience, fully integrating the study of gender and sexuality in its core curriculum, and insistently extending the view beyond U.S. borders. At its core, the undergraduate Program encourages students to question the meanings of "male" and "female," as well as of sexual norms, in both Western and non-Western societies. Courses seek to unravel the ways in which ideas about gender and sexuality shape social roles and identities, in addition to the ways in which race, class, and ethnicity function in the experience of gender and sexuality within a culture. Gender and Sexuality Studies challenges the privileging of some categories (i.e., male or heterosexual) over others, along with the social and political implications of such hierarchies. Our curriculum makes gender and sexuality central rather than peripheral terms of analysis and seeks to complicate what is often presented as "natural" or "normal" in traditional academic curricula. Announcements SCA Events Calendar Quicklinks About Arts and Science Directions to NYU Contact Us | New York University , Arts and Science Our site is down for maintenance. Alvin Fritz Homepage May 2006 Gay and Lesbian Studies , Linguistics Philosophy Political Science and Public Affairs alvin@u.washington.edu http://faculty.washington.edu/alvin/ University of Washington Libraries Suzzallo Reference Division Box 352900 Seattle, WA 98195-2900 (206) 685-1442 GAY AND LESBIAN STUDIES GERMAN LITERATURE AND LANGUAGE LINGUISTICS PHILOSOPHY POLITICAL SCIENCE AND PUBLIC AFFARIRS Native North American Reference Resources Alvin Fritz homophobia What's Hot! courtroom testimony in the Proposition 8 case portrayed in "8," Professor Herek's 2011 testimony for the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights briefing on bullying and antigay harassment in public schools. Professor Herek's newest papers on: more AIDS stigma national surveys HIV surveillance policies Sexual Prejudice Sexual prejudice prevalence of sexual prejudice, its correlates , underlying motivations for sexual prejudice, and how personal contact with gay men and lesbians mental health , attempts to change sexual orientation child molestation , and a detailed critique of Paul Cameron's research Stop Anti-Gay Hate Crimes! Dr. Herek's national survey psychological distress associated with hate crimes varieties of hate crime victimization Gay People in the Military Don't Ask, Don't Tell Search the site all original content of this website . All rights reserved. Affirming Rainbow Research Supporting research offering information Skip to content Home CurrentStudy Who WeAre ContactForm How You CanHelp Resources Articles WebResources AnUpdate Posted on September 4, 2008 | Leave a comment Thank you to all who participated in our most recent study. Preliminary findings were presented at the American Psychological Association Convention in 2007, and updated findings were presented at the American Counseling Association Conference in 2008. A summary of results will be posted to this site soon. Leave a comment Posted in religion , same sex attraction , sexual orientation Affirming RainbowResearch Posted on May 30, 2007 | Comments Off Affirming Rainbow Research has been established to conduct research on issues individuals face when they experience same-sex attraction. Currently, we are focused on the topic of religion and sexual orientation. Through conducting research on important issues like this, our ultimate goal is to help counselors, psychologists and other mental health professionals better understand the experiences of lesbians, gay men, bisexuals and others who experience same-sex attraction. We intend to provide a place for people from across the country to learn about current perspectives and assist in furthering supportive research by completing surveys on different topics from time to time. Please take some time to read about our CURRENT STUDY or Comments Off Posted in religion , same sex attraction , sexual orientation Search It! Search for: Recent Entries AnUpdate Affirming RainbowResearch Links Blog at WordPress.com . The Coraline Theme .   Blog at WordPress.com . The Coraline Theme Follow Follow Affirming Rainbow Research Get every new post delivered to your Inbox. Powered by WordPress.com Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to Cancel Jump to Navigation Search form Search Home Policy Institute The Policy Institute is the movementâs premier think tank dedicated to advancing equality for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people. Visit the Reports Research section of our Web site to view the many groundbreaking reports issued by the Policy Institute. The Policy Institute also nurtures future generations of young leaders and researchers through its undergraduate research internship, Vaid Fellowship, and Ph.D. fellowship programs. Â The Policy Institute conducts research, public policy analysis and strategy development on an array of issues, including: Aging Anti-gay movement Bisexuality Demographics of the LGBT community Discrimination Economic issues Education policy Elections and politics Faith Family policy, including marriage/partner recognition and parenting Hate violence Health and HIV/AIDS Public opinion Racial and economic justice Transgender issues Youth The Issues Aging Anti-Gay Industry Bisexual Community Campus Elections & Politics Faith Hate Crimes Health & HIV/AIDS Immigration Marriage/Partner Recognition Nondiscrimination Parenting & Family Racial & Economic Justice Transgender Youth Get Involved Action Alerts E-Newsletter Archives Our Work Task Force Academy for Leadership and Action Public Policy & Govt. Affairs Policy Institute Reports & Research Reports Issue Maps Fact Sheets Support Us Become a Member Renew Your Membership Leadership Council Gifts in Honor Gifts of Stock Planned Giving Corporate Giving Make a Donation Events Recognition Events Creating Change Conference Creating Change Archive Winter Party Festival Press Press Releases Request Media Credentials Join the Media E-mail List Photo Bank & Bios From the Executive Director About Us Annual Reports Board of Directors Contact Us Employment History Interns & Fellows Mission Statements National Action Council Staff Directory Our Work Task Force Academy for Leadership and Action Public Policy Govt. Affairs Policy Institute Make a Donation | Join Now or Renew Your Membership National Gay and Lesbian Task Force Foundation. Click here for more on our sister organization, the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force Action Fund. The Center for the Study of Gender and Sexuality Search: CSGS UChicago Home About Mission Leadership History Contact Academic Programs Undergraduate Major Undergraduate Minor Graduate Certificate Courses Student Series Workshops Resources Program Alumni Research Faculty Projects Faculty Fellows Affiliated Faculty Graduate Students Fellows Fellowships Funding Fellowships Graduate Teaching Essay Prize Events Sawyer Seminar Series Lectures Workshops CSGS Calendar Support Make a Gift Email List Undergraduate Major: Learn More! Project Women in Science Workshops CSGS Workshops for Students and Faculty Undergraduate Major Gender and Sexuality Studies Resources UChicago Assistance and Opportunities Web Exhibit On Equal Terms: Educating Women at the University of Chicago Faculty Spotlight Rochona Majumdar Student Spotlight Beatriz Aldana Marquez Fostering teaching, learning and discussion about gender and sexuality at the University of Chicago About the Center The Center for the Study of Gender and Sexuality at the University of Chicago was established in 1996, after a decade of faculty and student self-organization. It now consolidates work on gender and sexuality, and in feminist, gay and lesbian, and queer studies. Learn more Twitter Facebook Youtube Connect: NEWS NEH Award goes to Sonali Thakkar We are happy to announce that Sonali Thakkar, CSGS Faculty Affiliate, has been awarded a National Endowment for the Humanities Fellowship for University Teachers to support her project âRace, Religion, and Holocaust Memory in the Literature of Postwar European Diasporic Communities.â? Sonali is an Assistant Professor of English Language and Literature who trained as a comparatist and whose work focuses on global Anglophone and postcolonial literatures as well as contemporary transnational culture. She has worked closely with the center for the past few years, serving as part of the faculty group that created the two-quarter core sequence âGender and Sexuality in World Civilizationsâ? and as one of the two instructors in the inaugural quarter of this sequence. You can read more about Sonali Thakkar at http://english.uchicago.edu/faculty/thakkar . Gender and Sexuality Studies is now part of the Core curriculum in the College! UChicago students now have the opportunity to learn about the fundamental importance of gender and sexuality as analytic categories as part of their general education requirement teaching the introduction to the tools of inquiry used in every discipline. Read more about Gender and Sexuality in World Civilizations here Congratulations to Monica Mercado! here! ...and to Emily Swafford! We are also delighted to pass on the news that, beginning in April, Emily Swafford will be joining the GHI as a Postdoctoral Research Fellow to work on her second project, Ambassadors in Pigtails: U.S. Girl Scouts and the Transnational Cold War, 1950-1989 . This project examines the entangled narratives of these two sometimes opposed organizationsâa national military dedicated to defending Americaâs interests and a youth movement that pitched peaceful internationalismâeven while both were simultaneously engaged in producing and reproducing an American "way of life" on foreign soil. Emilyâs first project, her doctoral dissertation in the History Department, also an examination of American-German relations, is titled "Democracyâs Proving Ground: U.S. Military Families in West Germany Between World War II and Vietnam." Emily has been invaluable to CSGS this year, holding a residential fellowship and serving as a teaching intern in the autumn civilization sequence and as a co-teacher for âProblems in the Study of Sexualityâ? in winter. We are sorry to lose Emily before the end of the academic year but very happy about her new position! Congratulations to Kathy Forde! here. Visit us! Visit the Center for the Study of Gender and Sexuality and the Center for the Study of Race, Politics, and Culture in our newly renovated space . See our calendar for upcoming events, or just stop by. All are welcome! CSGS Newsletter View all news EVENTS CSGS Calendar CSGS Calendar View all events University of Chicago Connect: Facebook Facebook Twitter RSS The University of Chicago The Center for the Study of Gender and Sexuality Skip to Navigation Search this site: 1 2 3 New Multi-Year Project to Address Transgender Military Service SAN FRANCISCO (July 30, 2013) - Today, the Palm Center announced a new, multi-year research initiative to study transgender service in the US military. The initiative is the largest and most comprehensive academic research project ever conducted on transgender military service, and Project Director Indra Lusero has launched the effort by commissioning 16 scholars to conduct 11 studies on whether and how the U.S. armed forces could include transgender troops without undermining readiness. Â  Retired Military Brass: DOMA Threatens Military LOS ANGELES, CA -- March 2, 2013 -- A group of retired military brass including two former Defense Secretaries submitted an amicus brief this week in the Windsor/DOMA case currently before the Supreme Court.Â  According to the brass, "DOMA threatens the core of the military's mission" by preventing the Pentagon from supporting the families of LGB service members. Carter Phillips at Sidley Austin is counsel for amici. Their brief is posted here: http://bit.ly/Y6180v New Scholarly Collection Chronicles History of ât Ask, Don? Tell Repeal LOS ANGELES, CA â February 19, 2013 -- The largest collection of academic research on "don't ask don't tell" repeal was published online this weekend in a special edition of theÂ  Journal of Homosexuality . Home About Us People Press Room Publications Research Programs Newsletter Blog Support Palm on facebook Palm on YouTube Full Site RSS feed Contact us by Email Featured Publication A More Perfect Military Why are politicians so reluctant to question the military? Why do the President, Congress and Courts so often defer to the military's preferences... Palm Center Blog Jeremy Johnson May 8, 2012 Challenges: Returning to Life in Uniform as a DADT Discharged Vet Jeremy Johnson talks about the challenges of rejoining serving in the military as a service member who was previously discharged under Don't Ask, Don't Tell. Â  Myths and Facts What Does the Empirical Research Say about the Impact of Openly Gay Service on the Military? Research on openly gay service is extensive, and includes over half a century of evidence gathered by independent researchers and the U.S. military itself, as well as the study of the experience of foreign militaries. The U.S. militaryâs own researchers have consistently found that openly gay service does not undermine cohesion, and the military has repeatedly sought to condemn or suppress these conclusions when they emerged. Yet no research has ever shown that open homosexuality impairs military readiness. ÂŠ Palm Center 2009 Contact us by Email Feedback Seed Magazine about SEEDMAGAZINE.COM February 25, 2014 Follow us on Twitter The Gay AnimalKingdom Evolution / by Jonah Lehrer / The effeminate sheep and other problems with Darwinian sexual selection. Print From the JUN/JUL 2006 issue of Seed: Credit: Catherine Ledner Joan Roughgarden thinks Charles Darwin made a terrible mistake. Not about natural selections no bible-toting creationistbut about his other great theory of evolution: sexual selection. According to Roughgarden, sexual selection cant explain the homosexuality thats been documented in over 450 different vertebrate species. This means that same-sex sexualitylong disparaged as a quirk of human cultureis a normal, and probably necessary, fact of life. By neglecting all those gay animals, she says, Darwin misunderstood the basic nature of heterosexuality. Male big horn sheep live in what are often called homosexual societies. They bond through genital licking and anal intercourse, which often ends in ejaculation. If a male sheep chooses to not have gay sex, it becomes a social outcast. Ironically, scientists call such straight-laced males As this list of activities suggests, having homosexual sex is the biological equivalent of apple pie: Everybody likes it. At last count, over 450 different vertebrate species could be beheaded in Saudi Arabia. You name it, theres a vertebrate out there that does it. Nevertheless, most biologists continue to regard homosexuality as a sexual outlier. According to evolutionary theory, being gay is little more than a maladaptive behavior. Joan Roughgarden, a professor of biology at Stanford University, wants to change that perception. After cataloging the wealth of homosexual behavior in the animal kingdom two years ago in her controversial book Evolutions Rainbow and weathering critiques that, she says, stemmed largely from her being transgenderedRoughgarden has set about replacing Darwinian sexual selection with a new explanation of sex. For too long, she says, biology has neglected evidence that mating isnt only about multiplying. Sometimes, as in the case of all those gay sheep, dolphins and primates, animals have sex just for fun or to cement their social bonds. Homosexuality, Roughgarden says, is an essential part of biology, and can no longer be dismissed. By using the queer to untangle the straight, Roughgardens theories have the potential to usher in a scientific sexual revolution. Darwins theory of sex began with an observation about peacocks. For a man who liked to see the world in terms of functional adaptations, the tails of male peacocks seemed like a useless absurdity. Why would nature invest in such a baroque display of feathers? Did male peacocks want to be eaten by predators? Darwins hypothesis was typically brilliant: The peacocks did it for the sake of reproduction. The males fancy tail entranced the staid peahen. Darwin used this idea to explain the biological quirks that natural selection couldnt explain. If a trait wasnt in the service of survival, then it was probably in the service of seduction. Furthermore, the mechanics of sex helped explain why the genders were so different. Because eggs are expensive and sperm are cheap, Males of almost all animals have stronger passions than females, Darwin wrote. The femalewith the rarest of exceptions is less eager than the maleshe is coy. Darwin is telling the familiar Mars and Venus story: Men want sex while women want to cuddle. Females, by choosing who to bed, impose sexual selection onto the species. Darwins theory of sex has been biological dogma ever since he postulated why peacocks flirt. His gendered view of life has become a centerpiece of evolution, one of his great scientific legacies. The culture wars over evolution and common descent notwithstanding, Darwins theory of sexual selection has been thoroughly assimilated into mass culture. From sitcoms to beer ads, our coital are constantly reaffirmed. Females are wary, and males are horny. Sex is this simple. Or is it? Indeed, biology now knows better. Nobody is hornier than a female macaque or bonobo (which mount the males because the males are too exhausted to continue the fornication). Peacocks are actually the exception, not the rule. Roughgarden first began thinking Darwin may have been in error after she attended the 1997 gay pride parade in San Francisco, where she had gone to walk alongside a float in support of transgendered people. Although she had lived her first 52 years as a man, Roughgarden was about to become a woman. The decision hadnt been easy. For one thing, she was worried about losing her job as a tenured professor of biology at Stanford. (The fear turned out to be unfounded.) After living for a year in Santa Barbara while undergoing the physical aspects of the transition, Roughgarden returned to Stanford in the spring of 1999 and decided to write a book about the biology of sexual diversity. In particular, she wanted to answer the question that had first surfaced in her mind back in 1997. When I was at that gay pride parade, Roughgarden remembers, I was just stunned by the sheer magnitude of the LGBT [Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender] population. Because Im a biologist, I started asking myself some difficult questions. My discipline teaches that homosexuality is some sort of anomaly. But if the purpose of sexual contact is just reproduction, as Darwin believed, then why do all these gay people exist? A lot of biologists assume that they are somehow defective, that some developmental error or environmental influence has misdirected their sexual orientation. If so, gay and lesbian people are a mistake that should have been corrected a long time ago. But this hasnt happened. Thats when I had my epiphany. When scientific theory says somethings wrong with so many people, perhaps the theory is wrong, not the people. Credit: Catherine Ledner The resulting book, Evolutions Rainbow , was an audacious attack on Darwins theory of sexual selection. To make her case, Roughgarden filled the text with a staggering collection of animal perversities, from the penises of female spotted hyenas to the mnage trois tactics of bluegill sunfish. As Roughgarden put it, s coming out [in the past 10-15 years] is to the rest of the species what the Kinsey Report was to humans. According to Roughgarden, classic sexual selection cant account for these strange carnal habits. After all, Darwin imagined sex as a relatively straightforward transaction. Males compete for females. Evolutionary success is defined by the quantity of offspring. Thus, any distractions from the business of making babiesdistractions like homosexuality, masturbation, etc.are precious wastes of fluids. Youd think by now, several hundred million years after sex began, nature would have done away with such inefficiencies, and males and females would only act to maximize rates of sexual reproduction. But the opposite has happened. Instead of copulation becoming more functional and straightforward, it has only gotten weirder as species have evolvedmore sodomy and other frivolous pleasures that are useless for propagating the species. The more socially complex the animal, the more sexual it exhibits. Look at primates: Compared to our closest relatives, contemporary, Westernized Homo sapiens are the staid ones. Despite this new evidence, sexual selection theory is still stuck in the 19th century. The Victorian peacock remains the standard bearer. But as far as Roughgarden is concerned, thats bad science: The time has come to declare that sexual theory is indeed false and to stop shoe-horning one exception after another into a sexual selection frameworkTo do otherwise suggests that sexual selection theory is unfalsifiable, not subject to refutation. Roughgarden is an ambitious scientist. She believes it is impossible to comprehend the diversity of sexuality without disowning Darwin. Although she isnt the first biologist to condemn sexual selections theory has never been very popular with feministsshe is unusually vocal about cataloguing his empirical errors. When I began, I didnt set out to criticize Darwin, she says. But I quickly realized that most scientists are pretty dismissive about same-sex sexuality in vertebrates. They think these animals are just having fun or practicing. As long as scientists clung to this old dogma, homosexuality would always be this funny anomaly you didnt have to account for. Roughgardens first order of business was proving that homosexuality isnt a maladaptive trait. At first glance, this seems like a futile endeavor. Being gay clearly makes individuals less likely to pass on their genes, a major biological faux pas. From the perspective of evolution, homosexual behavior has always been a genetic dead end, something that has to be explained away. But Roughgarden believes that biologists have it backwards. Given the pervasive presence of homosexuality throughout the animal kingdom, same-sex partnering must be an adaptive trait thats been carefully preserved by natural selection. As Roughgarden points out, a common genetic disease is a contradiction in terms, and homosexuality is three to four orders of magnitude more common than true genetic diseases such as Huntingtons disease. So how might homosexuality be good for us? Any concept of sexual selection that emphasizes the selfish propagation of genes and sperm wont be able to account for the abundance of non-heterosexual sex. All those gay penguins and persons will remain inexplicable. However, if one looks at homosexuality from the perspective of a community, one can begin to see why nature might foster a variety of sexual interactions. According to Roughgarden, gayness is a necessary side effect of getting along. Homosexuality evolved in tandem with vertebrate societies, in which a motley group of individuals has to either live together or die alone. In fact, Roughgarden even argues that homosexuality is a defining feature of advanced animal communities, which require communal bonds in order to function. The more complex and sophisticated a social system is, she writes, the more likely it is to have homosexuality intermixed with heterosexuality. Japanese macaques, an old world primate, illustrate this principle perfectly. Macaque society revolves around females, who form intricate dominance hierarchies within a given group. Males are transient. To help maintain the necessary social networks, female macaques engage in rampant lesbianism. These friendly copulations, which can last up to four days, form the bedrock of macaque society, preventing unnecessary violence and aggression. Females that sleep together will even defend each other from the unwanted advances of male macaques. In fact, behavioral scientist Paul Vasey has found that females will choose to mate with another female, as opposed to a horny male, 92.5% of the time. While this lesbianism probably decreases reproductive success for macaques in the short term, in the long run it is clearly beneficial for the species, since it fosters social stability. Same-sex sexuality is just another way of maintaining physical intimacy, Roughgarden says. s like grooming, except we have lots of pleasure neurons in our genitals. When animals exhibit homosexual behavior, they are just using their genitals for a socially significant purpose. Roughgarden is now using this model of homosexuality to reimagine heterosexuality. Her conclusions, published last February in Science , are predictably controversial. While Darwin saw males and females as locked in conflict, acting out the ancient battle of their gametes, Roughgarden describes sexual partners as a model of solidarity. This whole view of the sexes as being at war is just so flawed from the start. First of all, there are all these empirical exceptions, like homosexuality. And then theres the logical inconsistency of it all. Why would a male ever jettison control of his evolutionary destiny? Why would he entrust females to serendipitously raise their shared young? The fact is, males and females are committed to cooperate. Consider the Eurasian oystercatcher, a shore bird that enjoys feasting on shellfish. A consistent minority of oystercatcher families are polygynous, in which a lucky male mates with two different females simultaneously. These threesomes come in two different flavors: aggressive and cooperative. In an aggressive threesome, the females are at war; they attack each other frequently, and try to disrupt the egg-laying process of their fellow spouse. So far, so Darwinian: Life is nasty, brutish and short. However, the cooperative threesome is everything Darwin didnt expect. These females share a nest, mate with each other several times a day, and preen their feathers together. Its domestic bliss. Credit: Catherine Ledner In Roughgardens Science paper, she uses cooperative game theory to elucidate the diverse mating habits of the oystercatcher. Whereas Darwin held that conflict was the natural state of life (we are all Hobbesian bullies at heart), Roughgarden sees cooperation as our default position. This makes mathematical sense: The family that sleeps together has more offspring. Why, then, do oystercatcher females occasionally engage in all out war? According to Roughgarden, violence occurs when social negotiations break down. Although the birds really want to get along (who doesnt like being preened?), something goes awry. The end result is risky violence, in which one female or both will end the breeding season without an egg. The advantage of Roughgardens new theory is that it can explain a wider spectrum of sexual behaviors than Darwinian sexual selection. Lesbian oystercatchers and gay mountain sheep? Their homosexuality is just a prelude to social cooperation, a pleasurable way of avoiding wanton conflict. But what about the peacock and all those other examples of sexual dimorphism? According to Roughgarden, expensive, functionally useless badges like the peacocks tailare admission tickets: they just get you in the door. If you dont have a ticket, you are ruthlessly denied breeding rights, like an uncool kid at the prom. Of course, most humans dont see sex as a way of maintaining the social contract. Our lust doesnt seem logical, especially when that logic involves the abstruse calculations of game theory. Furthermore, its strange for most people to think of themselves as naturally bisexual. Being gay or straight seems to be an intrinsic and implacable part of our identity. Roughgarden disagrees. In our culture, we assume that there is a straight-gay binary, and that you are either one or the other. But if you look at vertebrates, that just isnt the case. You will almost never find animals or primates that are exclusively gay. Other human cultures show the same thing. Since Roughgarden believes that the hetero/homo distinction is a purely cultural creation, and not a fact of biology, she thinks it is only a matter of time before we return to the standard primate model. m convinced that in 50 years, the gay-straight dichotomy will dissolve. I think it just takes too much social energy to preserve. All this campy, flamboyant behavior: Its just such hard work. Despite Roughgardens long list of peer-reviewed articles in prestigious journals, most evolutionary biologists remain skeptical of her conclusions. For one thing, its tough to measure the benefits of diversityor lesbian pair bonding. Its even harder to imagine how traits that are good for the group get passed on by individuals. (As a result, group selection has largely been replaced by kin selection.) In the absence of anything conclusive, most scientists stick with Darwin and Dawkins. Other biologists think Roughgarden is exaggerating the importance of homosexuality. Invertebrate zoologist Stephen Shuster told Nature that Roughgarden throws out a very healthy baby with some slightly soiled bathwater. And biologist Alison Jolly, in an otherwise positive review of Evolutions Rainbow for Science, conceded that Roughgarden ultimately fails in her ambition to revolutionize current biological theories of sexual selection. As far as these mainstream biologists are concerned, Roughgardens gay primates and transgendered fish are simply interesting sexual deviants, statistical outliers in a world that contains plenty of peacocks. As Paul Z. Myers, a biologist at the University of Minnesota, put it, I think much of what Roughgarden says is very interesting. But I think she discounts many of the modifications that have been made to sexual selection since Darwin originally proposed it. So in that sense, her Darwin is a straw man. You dont have to dismiss the modern version of sexual selection in order to explain social bonding or homosexuality. Roughgarden remains defiant. I think many scientists discount me because of who I am. They assume that I cant be objective, that Ive got some bias or hidden LGBT agenda. But Im just trying to understand the data. At this point, we have thousands of species that deviate from the standard account of Darwinian sexual selection. So we get all these special case exemptions, and we end up downplaying whatever facts dont fit. The theory is becoming Ptolemaic. It clearly has the trajectory of a hypothesis in trouble. Originally published June 6, 2006 Tags consensus genetics theory Share this Facebook Twitter Stumbleupon Reddit Email + More Now on SEEDMAGAZINE.COM Ideas I Tried Almost Everything Else John Rinn, snowboarder, skateboarder, and genomic origamist, on why we should dumpster-dive in our genomes and the inspiration of a middle-distance runner. Ideas Going, Going, Gone The second most common element in the universe is increasingly rare on Earth except, for now, in America. Ideas Earth-like Planets Arent Rare Renowned planetary scientist James Kasting on the odds of finding another Earth-like planet and the power of science fiction. Home World Politics Development Environment Ideas Findings Theory Innovation Technology Design Business Culture Books Arts Events Global Reset The Seed Salon Video: conversations with leading scientists and thinkers on fundamental issues and ideas at the edge of science and culture. Are We Beyond the Two Cultures? Video: Seed revisits the questions C.P. Snow raised about science and the humanities 50 years by asking six great thinkers, Where are we now? Saved by Science Audio slideshow: Justine Cooper's large-format photographs of the collections behind the walls of the American Museum of Natural History. The Universe in 2009 In 2009, we are celebrating curiosity and creativity with a dynamic look at the very best ideas that give us reason for optimism. Revolutionary Minds The Interpreters In this installment of Revolutionary Minds, five people who use the new tools of science to educate, illuminate, and engage. The Seed Design Series Leading scientists, designers, and architects on ideas like the personal genome, brain visualization, generative architecture, and collective design. The Seed State of Science Seed examines the radical changes within science itself by assessing the evolving role of scientists and the shifting dimensions of scientific practice. A Place for Science On the trail of the haunts, homes, and posts of knowledge, from the laboratory to the field. Portfolio Witness the science. Stunning photographic portfolios from the pages of Seed magazine. Studio Search Home World Politics Development Environment Ideas Findings Theory Innovation Technology Design Business Culture Books Arts Events Monthly Archives All Tags About SEEDMAGAZINE.COM | Advertise with SEEDMAGAZINE.COM | Privacy Policy | Terms Conditions | Contact Us SEEDMAGAZINE.COM by Seed Media Group. 2005-2012 Seed Media Group LLC. All Rights Reserved. Sites by Seed Media Group: Seed Media Group | ScienceBlogs | Research Blogging | SEEDMAGAZINE.COM Researcher Sexual Orientation Contact Thesis Resources Sexual orientation is the idea that everyone is either homosexual, heterosexual or bisexual. Supposedly, everyone fits into one of these boxes. Which box a person's sexual desires fit into is also supposed to tell us what sort of person they 'really' are. How are we supposed to know what we (and other people) 'really' are? You only have to answer two simple questions: 1) are you a man or a woman? and 2) are you sexually attracted to men, women or both? But, are these questions that simple? Maybe not. This site is developing as a resource to help people think about sexuality and relationships differently. Is it okay to tell people who they really are, who they should be or what they should want? This is what is happening when we try to fit people into sexual orientation boxes. At the moment, the site focuses on my PhD research project, which tried to develop an understanding of how people experience 'sexual orientation' and what can be done about the problems it causes. So, some of the things on the site are a bit academic and some aren't. I am working to add more material all the time, both academic and otherwise. If you want to be informed of updates to the site, please contact me to be added to the e-mailing list. Jamie Heckert, April 2005 Options CURRENT PROJECTS PUBLICATIONS Browse Newest Browse by Topic Browse by Author UI Press PRESS ROOM Contact an Expert Press Releases Testimony Commentary Social Media EVENTS Upcoming and Recent Past Events Archive RESOURCES Data Tools Fact Sheets Five Questions Interviews Jargon Decoder Video ABOUT US Annual Report History Mission Officers and Trustees Careers Policy Centers Support UI Contact Us Latest Research Browse by Author Browse by Topic Children and Youth Cities and Neighborhoods Crime and Justice Economy and Taxes Education Employment Families and Parenting Governing Health and Healthcare Housing Immigrants Infrastructure International Development Nonprofits Performance Measurement / Mgmt Poverty, Assets and Safety Net Race, Ethnicity, Gender Retirement and Older Americans Washington D.C. Region POLICY CENTERS Education Policy Cluster Health Policy Center Housing Finance Policy Center Income & Benefits Policy Center International Development and Governance Justice Policy Center Labor, Human Services, & Population Policy Center Low-Income Working Families Project Metropolitan Housing & Communities Policy Center Nonprofits & Philanthropy UrbanBrookings Tax Policy Center Urban Institute E-mail Newsletters Subscribe to receive the latest news on topics of your choice. URBAN INSTITUTE 2100 M Street NW Washington, DC 20037 Contact Us Careers Urban Institute Toolkit Issues in Focus Gay and Lesbian Demographics A Research Focus of the Urban Institute Family structure, both conventional and unconventional, is one of the many issues explored by the Center on Labor, Human Services,& Population. Researchers delve into issues on same-sex marriage, Census 2000's method of counting gay men and lesbians, the link between social tolerance and a city's high-tech industry success, and more. About The Research Recent Findings Publications About the Research Behind the debate regarding marriage rights for gay couples lie straight facts. Census 2000 showed us that same-sex couples live in 99 percent of all U.S. counties. They liveand mostly likely votein nearly every congressional district. Information from Census further allows us to analyze understudied subsets of the gay and lesbian population, such as seniors, couples with children, and racial and ethnic minorities. For instance, 96 percent of all U.S. counties have at least one same-sex couple with children under 18; yet only seven states and the District of Columbia have laws supporting gay and lesbian couple adoption. We observe trends in same-sex families, identify workplace discrimination based on sexual orientation, examine economic outlooks for gay and lesbian seniors, and explore the fact that enlisted gay men and lesbians defend this country. Recent Findings More than 36,000 gay men and lesbians actively serve in the military. Even though the military's "don't ask, don't tell" policy does not permit lesbians and gay men to serve openly, census data make clear that they are actively serving in the armed forces, in guard and reserve units, and have served in the military throughout the later part of the 20th century. Estimates suggest that gay men and lesbians represent 2.5 percent of active duty personnel. When the guard and reserve are included, nearly 65,000 men and women in uniform are likely gay or lesbian, accounting for 2.8 percent of military personnel. In general, coupled gay men are less likely to report military service than other men, while coupled lesbians are more likely than other women to serve. Service rates in the last decade of the 20th century among coupled lesbians age 1827 were more than three times higher than rates among other women. For more information: Gates, Gary J. 2004. " Gay Men and Lesbians in the U.S. Military: Estimates from Census 2000 ." Washington, DC: The Urban Institute. Gates, Gary. 2003. " Lesbians More Likely to Have Served in the Military ." Washington, DC: The Urban Institute. Gates, Gary. 2003. " Gay Veterans Top One Million ." Washington, DC: The Urban Institute. Lack of a marriage license may cost tens of thousands of dollarsand the loss of a homewhen a partner dies. In more than one in 10 same-sex couples, one partner is 65 years old or older. Census 2000 shows us that 97 percent of U.S. counties have a senior in a same-sex partnership. The greatest numbers of same-sex senior couples live in California, New York, and Florida. Illinois and Arizona also have significant numbers. Prevalence aside, the aging of the gay, lesbian, and bisexual community is not particularly golden for many. These couples cannot be recognized as legally married, so a surviving partner loses financial ground. Survivors are denied the Social Security benefits that married couples get, face heavy taxes on any retirement plan, and get charged an estate tax if they inherit a home, even if it was jointly owned. Same-sex senior couples are more likely to still be making mortgage payments when one dies. Combined with other financial losses, this higher debt burden puts surviving partners at greater risk of losing their home. Even before a partner's death, these seniors risk losing their home when an elderly partner enters a nursing home. Federal Medicaid law permits a married spouse to remain in the couple's home, but not an unmarried partner. For more information: " Gay and Lesbian Families in the Census: Gay and Lesbian Seniors ." Checkpoints: data releases on economic and social issues. 2003. Washington, DC: The Urban Institute. Bennett, Lisa, and Gary J. Gates. " The Cost of Marriage Inequality to Gay, Lesbian, and Bisexual Seniors ." 2004. A Human Rights Campaign Foundation Report. Washington, DC: Human Rights Campaign. Gates, Gary. 2003. " Don't Ignore Gay Unions' Social, Economic Impact ." Commentary in USA Today . October 23. Workplace protection is linked to higher earnings for gay men. Median earnings for gay men are $3,000 below the income of men with female partners, though the gap shrinks in states with workplace-protection laws and increases where none exist. Among less-educated men in the 11 states that protect workers from discrimination based on sexual orientation, earnings of partnered gay men come closer to earnings of men with female partners. For more information: Gates, Gary. 2003. " Income of Gay Men Lags Behind that of Men Partnered with Women ." Washington, DC: The Urban Institute. Gates, Gary. 2003. " Workplace Protection Linked to Higher Earnings for Less-Educated Gay Men ." Washington, DC: The Urban Institute. Gates, Gary. 2001. " Domestic Partner Benefits Won't Break the Bank ." Commentary in Population Today . April 1. Attracting same-sex couples can be good for business, communities, and the high-tech economy. Hundreds of American towns bear gay markings in thriving urban businesses, suburban cultural offerings, and revitalized holiday venues. Increasingly, cities are trying to attract gay and lesbian residents to enliven the culture by diversifying it. Cities have also figured out that gay people are often more willing than others to move into and devote income to improving distressed neighborhoods, which attracts other people and sets a cycle of improvement in motion. Diversity enhances innovation and creativity by allowing different perspectives and ideas to be heard. The creative and innovative people driving the tech economy seek places high in cultural and racial/ethnic diversityand so do gays and lesbians. It is likely not a coincidence that high-tech centers like metropolitan San Francisco, Washington, Austin, Atlanta, and San Diego also have large and visible gay populations. For more information: " The Demographics of Diversity: Why Cities are Courting the Gay and Lesbian Community? " June 3, 2003. First Tuesdays transcript. Florida, Richard, and Gary Gates. 2001. " Technology and Tolerance: The Importance of Diversity to High-Technology Growth ." Center on Urban & Metropolitan Policy. The Brookings Institution. Gates, Gary. " 2004. In Cities, Suburbs, and the Sticks, Gary Gates Uncovers the U.S. Communities that Same-Sex Couples Call Home ." Financial Times . September 4. Gertler, Meric S., Richard Florida, Gary Gates, and Tara Vinodrai. 2002. " Competing on Creativity: Placing Ontario's Cities in North American Context ." A report prepared for the Ontario Ministry of Enterprise, Opportunity and Innovation and the Institute for Competitiveness and Prosperity. Witeck, Bob, and Gary Gates. 2004. " Same-Sex Marriage: What's at Stake for Business? " Investor's Business Daily . July 21. How are gay men and lesbians counted in Census 2000? Since the U.S. Census Bureau asks no questions about sexual orientation or behavior, how do researchers identify gay men and lesbians? The Census form does ask about relationships between individuals in the household, including husband/wife, son/daughter, brother/sister, and so on. For the first time in 1990, the Census Bureau also added an "unmarried partner" category. If the person filling out the census form designates another adult of the same sex as his or her unmarried partner, the couple is counted as a same-sex unmarried partner household. Research strongly indicates that the same-sex unmarried pair identified by the census are, in fact, gay and lesbian couples. The way data is edited once it's collected changed in Census 2000 too. In 1990, when another adult of the same sex as the householder was identified as a "husband/wife," the couple was counted as a heterosexual married couple. In 2000, the "husband/wife" was counted as an "unmarried partner." Counting these same-sex married couples along with the same-sex unmarried partners helps explain the dramatic upsurge in the same-sex couple counts between 1990 and 2000. An even bigger factor may be the growing willingness of gay men and lesbians to identify themselves as partners. Many gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgendered individuals never show up in the Census data. The most significant omission is of single gay men and lesbians since, survey data show, only about a quarter of gay men and two-fifths of lesbians are in couples at any given time. For more information: Gates, Gary J., and Jason Ost. 2004. The Gay and Lesbian Atlas . Washington, DC: Urban Institute Press. Smith, David M., and Gary Gates. 2001. " Gay and Lesbian Families in the United States: Same-Sex Unmarried Partner Households: A Preliminary Analysis of 2000 United States Census Data ." A Human Rights Campaign Report. "Technical Note on Same-Sex Unmarried Partner Data from the 1990 and 2000 Censuses," U.S. Census Bureau. Black, Dan, Gary J. Gates, Seth G. Sanders, and Lowell Taylor. 2000. "Demographics of the Gay and Lesbian Population in the United States: Evidence from Available Systematic Data Sources." Demography 37(2): 13954. Publications The Gay and Lesbian Atlas Facts and Findings from The Gay and Lesbian Atlas . 2013 Urban Institute 2100 M St NW Washington, DC Contact Us Privacy Policy Careers Demographics of sexual orientation From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia navigation ,       search This article possibly contains original research . Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations . Statements consisting only of original research may be removed. (October 2010) Sexual orientation Sexual orientations Asexual Bisexual Heterosexual Homosexual Non-binary categories Androphilia and gynephilia Pansexuality Polysexuality Third gender Two-Spirit Research Biology Human female sexuality Human male sexuality Demographics Environment Continuum Kinsey scale Klein Grid Neuroscience Non-heterosexual Psychology Queer studies Sexology Timeline of sexual orientation and medicine Non-human animals Homosexual behavior in animals ( List ) Category v t e The demographics of sexual orientation are difficult to establish for a variety of reasons. One of the major reasons for the difference in statistical findings regarding homosexuality and bisexuality has to do with the nature of the research questions. Major research studies on sexual orientation are discussed. Most of the studies listed below rely on self-report data, which poses challenges to researchers inquiring into sensitive subject matter. More importantly, the studies tend to pose two sets of questions. One set examines self-report data of same-sex sexual experiences and attractions while the other set examines self-report data of personal identification as gay, lesbian, or bisexual . Fewer research subjects identify as gay, lesbian, or bisexual than report having sexual experiences or attraction to a person of the same sex. Several studies of sexual orientation in countries provide comparative perspectives. Tables comparing several U.S. cities' population numbers are also included. Homophobic settings may mean that some LGBT people may not openly identify as such, and open identification of one's true sexual orientation may depend on the status of LGBT rights in a given location. Contents 1 Incidence versus prevalence 2 Western perception of homosexuality versus the rest of the world 3 Importance of having reliable demographics 4 The Kinsey Reports 5 Modern survey results 5.1 Australia 5.2 Canada 5.3 Denmark 5.4 France 5.5 Ireland 5.6 New Zealand 5.7 Norway 5.8 United Kingdom 5.9 United States 6 Methods 6.1 Ratios of proportions 6.2 Change over time 7 Top cities 7.1 Brazil 7.2 United States 8 See also 9 References 10 Further reading Incidence versus prevalence [ edit ] Another significant distinction can be made between what medical statisticians call incidence and prevalence . For example, even if two studies agree on a common criterion for defining a sexual orientation, one study might regard this as applying to any person who has ever met this criterion, whereas another might only regard them as being so if they had done so during the year of the survey. However, it must be understood that sexual orientation refers to an enduring pattern of emotional, romantic, and/or sexual attractions to men, women, or both sexes. Sexual orientation also refers to a personâs sense of identity based on those attractions, related behaviors, and membership in a community of others who share those attractions. Therefore, a person can be celibate and still identify as being bisexual or homosexual based on romantic proclivities. [ 1 ] Western perception of homosexuality versus the rest of the world [ edit ] The population that has come to be referred to as "gay" in the West is not a descriptive term that would be recognized by all men who have sex with men (MSM) as known in the rest of the world. While gay culture is increasingly open and discussed, the world of MSM consists of a diverse population that often may respond differently depending on how communications in clinical settings are framed. "Gay" is generally used to describe a sexual orientation, while "MSM" describes a behavior. [ 2 ] Some men who have sex with other men will not relate to the term "gay" or homosexual, and do not regard sex with other men as sexual activity, a term they reserve for sexual relations with women. This is particularly true among individuals from non-Western cultures. Nevertheless, it is common in the US. Terms such as MSM or âsame gender lovingâ? are often used in place of the word gay. Men in Africa and Latin America engage in sexual relationships with other men while still referring to themselves as 'heterosexual', which is known as being on the " down-low ". [ 3 ] The same is true of men who engage in homosexual activities in the military, gender-segregated schools and universities, or prison; most of them do not consider themselves gay but still engage sexually with members of their own sex in order to fulfill their desires. [ 4 ] There is a lack of information on sexual behaviour in most developing countries . The limited sources that are available indicate that although homosexual self-identification might occur relatively infrequently, the prevalence of homosexual behaviour is higher. These men are not taken into consideration in some sexual identity surveys which may lead to under-reporting and inaccuracies. [ 5 ] Importance of having reliable demographics [ edit ] Reliable data on the size of the gay and lesbian population would be valuable for informing public policy. [ 6 ] For example, demographics would help calculate the costs and benefits of domestic partnership benefits , of the impact of legalizing gay adoption , and of the impact of the US military's Don't ask, don't tell policy. [ 6 ] Further, knowledge of the size of the "gay and lesbian population holds promise for helping social scientists understand a wide array of important questionsâquestions about the general nature of labor market choices, accumulation of human capital, specialization within households, discrimination, and decisions about geographic location." [ 6 ] The Kinsey Reports [ edit ] Main article: Kinsey Reports Two of the most famous studies of the demographics of human sexual orientation were Dr. Alfred Kinsey 's Sexual Behavior in the Human Male (1948) and Sexual Behavior in the Human Female (1953). These studies used a seven-point spectrum to define sexual behavior, from 0 for completely heterosexual to 6 for completely homosexual. Kinsey concluded that a small percentage of the population were to one degree or another bisexual (falling on the scale from 1 to 5). He also reported that 37% of men in the U.S. had achieved orgasm through contact with another male after adolescence and 13% of women had achieved orgasm through contact with another woman. [ 7 ] His results, however, have been disputed, especially in 1954 by a team consisting of John Tukey , Frederick Mosteller and William G. Cochran , who stated much of Kinsey's work was based on convenience samples rather than random samples , and thus would have been vulnerable to bias . [ 8 ] Paul Gebhard , Kinsey's successor as director of the Kinsey Institute for Sex Research , dedicated years to reviewing the Kinsey data and culling its purported contaminants. In 1979, Gebhard (with Alan B. Johnson) concluded that none of Kinsey's original estimates were significantly affected by the perceived bias, finding that 36.4% of men had engaged in both heterosexual and homosexual activities, as opposed to Kinsey's 37%. Modern survey results [ edit ] Recent critiques of these studies have suggested that because of their dependence on self-identification, they may have under counted the true prevalence of men with a history of same sex behavior and/or desire. Australia [ edit ] 2003 The largest and most thorough survey in Australia to date was conducted by telephone interview with 19,307 respondents between the ages of 16 and 59 in 2001/2002. The study found that 97.4% of men identified as heterosexual, 1.6% as gay and 0.9% as bisexual. For women 97.7% identified as heterosexual, 0.8% as lesbian and 1.4% as bisexual. Nevertheless, 8.6% of men and 15.1% of women reported either feelings of attraction to the same gender or some sexual experience with the same gender. [ 9 ] Overall, 8.6% of women and 5.9% of men reported some homosexual experience in their lives; these figures fell to 5.7% and 5.0% respectively when non-genital sexual experience was excluded. [ 10 ] Half the men and two thirds of the women who had same-sex sexual experience regarded themselves as heterosexual rather than homosexual. [ 11 ] 2007 In a minor study published by La Trobe University into the participation of homosexuals in sport found large discrepancies between the average rates of self-professed homosexuality and the rate of homosexuality among those who played particular sports. In a survey of over 7,500 people those who played sports such as Netball , Association Football and Australian Rules Football recorded much higher rates of homosexuality than the average of the study, as well as national average . [ 12 ] 79% of Australian rules Players identified as heterosexual, while 17% responded as bisexual and 4% as homosexual. Netball and Association Football players also recorded rates of homosexuality or bisexuality in excess of 15%. Netball players also recorded an above average result for women as well as Rugby Union players with a reported rate of homosexuality or bisexuality in excess of 15%. Male cricket players recorded a result slightly above average with 87% of respondents identifying as heterosexual, 10% as bisexual and 3% as homosexual. 89% of women respondents identified as heterosexual, 9% reported that they were bisexual and 2% reported as homosexual. Rugby league recorded a remarkably low rate of homosexuality among participants, both men and women. 97% of male respondents identified as heterosexual, 1% bisexual and 2% homosexual, women respondents recorded a 96% rate of heterosexuality, 3.5% identified as bisexual and 0.5% responded as homosexual. The study recorded a much higher overall average than previous comprehensive study [ 9 ] with 91.7% of respondents identifying as heterosexual, 5.1% bisexual and 3.1% homosexual. Canada [ edit ] 1988 A study of 5,514 college and university students under the age of 25 found 1% who were homosexual and 1% who were bisexual. [ 13 ] Denmark [ edit ] 1992 A random survey found that 2.7% of the 1,373 men who responded to their questionnaire had homosexual experience (intercourse). [ 14 ] France [ edit ] 1992 A study of 20,055 people found that 4.1% of the men and 2.6% of the women had at least one occurrence of intercourse with person of the same sex during their lifetime. [ 15 ] [ 16 ] Ireland [ edit ] 2006 A study of the responses of 7,441 individuals, conducted by the ESRI , found that 2.7% of men and 1.2% of women self-identified as homosexual or bisexual. A question based on a variant of the Kinsey scale found that 5.3% of men and 5.8% of women reported some same-sex attraction. Of those surveyed, 7.1% of men and 4.7% of women reported a homosexual experience some time in their life so far. It also found that 4.4% of men and 1.4% of women reported a "genital same-sex experience" (oral or anal sex, or any other genital contact) in their life so far. [ 17 ] The study was commissioned and published by the Crisis Pregnancy Agency in partnership with the Department of Health and Children . New Zealand [ edit ] 2007 In an anonymous survey of 8,000 New Zealand secondary school students conducted by the University of Auckland , 0.9% of those surveyed reported exclusive attraction to the same sex, 3.3% to both sexes and 1.8% to neither. [ 18 ] Norway [ edit ] 1988 In a random survey of 6,300 Norwegians, 3.5% of the men and 3% of the women reported that they had a homosexual experience sometime in their life. [ 19 ] United Kingdom [ edit ] 1992 A study of 8,337 British men found that 6.1% have had a "homosexual experience" and 3.6% had "1+ homosexual partner ever." [ 20 ] 2005 HM Treasury and the Department of Trade and Industry completed a survey to help the government analyse the financial implications of the Civil Partnerships Act (such as pensions, inheritance and tax benefits). They concluded that there were 3.6 m gay people in Britain âaround 6% of the total population or 1 in 16.66 people. [ 21 ] 2010 A representative survey of 238,206 Britons, exclusive to their categories, found 1% identified as gay or lesbian and 0.5% said they were bisexual. A further 0.5% self-identified as "other", and 3% responded as "do not know" or refused to answer. [ 22 ] In total this adds up to 5% of people who do not identify as heterosexual, or alternatively 99% who do not identify as either gay or lesbian. Ben Summerskill, chief executive of the gay equality charity Stonewall stated: "This is the first time that people were asked and data collection happened on doorsteps or over the phone, which may deter people from giving accurate responses - particularly if someone isn't openly gay at home." Stonewall worked with 600 major employers and their experience had shown that these statistics increased when people were regularly asked about sexual orientation as part of general monitoring information. 2011 The Integrated Household Survey, [ 23 ] produced by the Office of National Statistics, gives the following figures for the period April 2011 to March 2012: 1.1 per cent of the surveyed UK population, approximately 545,000 adults, identified themselves as Gay or Lesbian. 0.4 per cent of the surveyed UK population, approximately 220,000 adults, identified themselves as Bisexual. 0.3 per cent identified themselves as â. 3.6 per cent of adults stated ât knowâ or refused to answer the question. 0.6 per cent of respondents provided âNo responseâ to the question. 2.7 per cent of 16- to 24-year-olds in the UK identified themselves as Gay, Lesbian or Bisexual compared with 0.4 per cent of 65-year-olds and over. United States [ edit ] Main article: LGBT demographics of the United States Methods [ edit ] Ratios of proportions [ edit ] In general, most research agrees that the number of people who have had multiple same-gender sexual experiences is fewer than the number of people who have had a single such experience, and that the number of people who identify themselves as exclusively homosexual is fewer than the number of people who have had multiple homosexual experiences. [ original research? ] Change over time [ edit ] In addition, major historical shifts can occur in reports of the prevalence of homosexuality. For example, the Hamburg Institute for Sexual Research conducted a survey over the sexual behavior of young people in 1970 and repeated it in 1990. Whereas in 1970 18% of the boys ages 16 and 17 reported to have had at least one same-sex sexual experience, the number had dropped to 2% by 1990. [ 24 ] "Ever since homosexuality became publicly argued to be an innate sexual orientation, boys' fear of being seen as gay has, if anything, increased", the director of the institute, Volkmar Sigusch, suggested in a 1998 article for a German medical journal. [ 25 ] Top cities [ edit ] Brazil [ edit ] In 2009, in a survey conducted by University of SĂŁo Paulo in 10 capitals of Brazil , of the men 7.8% were gay and 2.6% were bisexual , for a total of 10.4%, and of the women 4.9% were lesbian and 1.4% were bisexual , for a total of 6.3%. [ 26 ] Of the men of the city of Rio de Janeiro , 14.3% were gay or bisexual . Of the women of the city of Manaus , 10.2% were lesbian and bisexual . [ 26 ] Rank City Percentage GLB Population rank 1 Rio de Janeiro 14.30% 1 2 Fortaleza 9.35% 2 3 Manaus 8.35% 3 4 SĂŁo Paulo 8.20% 4 5 Salvador 8.05% 5 6 BrasĂ­lia 7.95% 6 7 Belo Horizonte 6.85% 7 8 Curitiba 6.55% 8 9 Porto Alegre 5.95% 9 10 CuiabĂĄ 5.65% 10 United States [ edit ] The Williams Institute at UCLA School of Law, a sexual orientation law think tank, released a study in April 2011 [ 27 ] estimating based on its research that 1.7 percent of American adults identify as gay or lesbian, while another 1.8 percent identify as bisexual. Drawing on information from four recent national and two state-level population-based surveys, the analyses suggest that there are more than 8 million adults in the US who are lesbian, gay, or bisexual, comprising 3.5% of the adult population. Of men, 2.2% identify as gay and an additional 1.4% as bisexual. Of women, 1.1% identify as lesbian and an additional 2.2% as bisexual. See also: Top LGBT populations in U.S. cities and states These charts show a list of the top 10 US metropolitan areas with the highest LGB population in terms of numbers of total gay, lesbian and bisexual residents, based on estimates published in 2006 by the Williams Institute of the UCLA School of Law . [ 28 ] Top Ranked by Percent: Rank City Percentage GLB Population population rank 1 San Francisco 15.4% 94,234 4 2 Seattle 12.9% 57,993 9 3 Atlanta 12.8% 39,805 12 4 Minneapolis 12.5% 34,295 16 5 Boston 12.3% 50,540 10 6 Sacramento 9.8% 32,108 20 7 Portland 8.8% 35,413 14 8 Denver 8.2% 33,698 17 9 Washington 8.1% 32,599 18 10 Orlando 7.7% 12,508 36 Top Ranked by Total Population: Rank City Percentage GLB Population population rank 1 New York City 6% 272,493 1 2 Los Angeles 5.6% 154,270 2 3 Chicago 5.7% 114,449 3 4 San Francisco 15.4% 94,234 4 5 Phoenix 6.4% 63,222 5 6 Houston 4.4% 61,976 6 7 San Diego 6.8% 61,945 7 8 Dallas 7.0% 58,473 8 9 Seattle 12.9% 57,993 9 10 Boston 12.3% 50,540 10 11 Philadelphia 4.2% 43,320 11 12 Atlanta 12.8% 39,085 12 13 San Jose 5.8% 37,260 13 Major Metropolitan Areas by Total Population: Rank City GLB GLB% 1 New York City â Northern New Jersey â Long Island, NY 568,903 2.6% 2 Los Angeles â Long Beach, CA â Santa Ana, CA 442,211 2.7% 3 ChicagoâJoliet , IL 288,478 3.1% 4 San Francisco â Oakland â Fremont, CA 256,313 3.6% 5 Boston â Cambridge, MA â Quincy, MA 201,344 3.4% 6 Washington, D.C. 191,959 2.5% 7 Dallas â Fort Worth â Arlington, TX 183,718 3.5% 8 Miami â Miami Beach â Fort Lauderdale 183,346 4.7% 9 Atlanta â Marietta, GA â Sandy Springs, GA 180,168 4.3% 10 Philadelphia â Camden, NJ â Wilmington, DE 179,459 2.8% See also [ edit ] Biology and sexual orientation References [ edit ] ^ American Psychological Association. "Sexual Orientation and Homosexuality" . Psychology Help Center . Retrieved 9 December 2011 . ^ "Primary care of gay men" . Uptodate.com . Retrieved 2013-08-26 . ^ Latino Studies (2007-04-01). "Latino Studies - Latinos on DA Down Low: The Limitations of Sexual Identity in Public Health" . Palgrave-journals.com . Retrieved 2013-08-26 . ^ "Afghan Men Struggle With Sexual Identity, Study Finds" . Fox News. 2010-01-28 . Retrieved 2013-08-26 . ^ "Sexual Orientation and Young People" (PDF) . Retrieved 2013-08-26 . ^ a b c Black D, Gates G, Sanders S, Taylor L (May 2000). "Demographics of the gay and lesbian population in the United States: evidence from available systematic data sources". Demography 37 (2): 139â54. doi : 10.2307/2648117 . JSTOR 2648117 . PMID 10836173 . ^ The Kinsey Institute Data from Alfred Kinsey's Studies . Published online. ^ Cochran, W. G., Mosteller, F. and Tukey, J. W. (1954). Statistical Problems of the Kinsey Report on Sexual Behavior in the Human Male . Amer. Statist. Assoc., Washington. [ pageneeded ] ^ a b http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/14696704 ^ http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/14696706 ^ Smith AM, Rissel CE, Richters J, Grulich AE, de Visser RO (2003). "Sex in Australia: the rationale and methods of the Australian Study of Health and Relationships". Aust N Z J Public Health 27 (2): 106â17. doi : 10.1111/j.1467-842X.2003.tb00797.x . PMID 14696700 . ^ Shogan D, Stien RL, Fay-Ghott UR, Merkell A, du Plessis FR, Rogerson R, Tyrone DP (2007). "Sport Ethics in Context: A study of sexuality in sport". Aust N Z J Public Health 31 (6): 120â145. doi : 10.1111/j.1467-842X.2007.tb00797.x . PMID 1589700 . ^ King et al. (1988). Canada, Youth and AIDS Study . Kingston, ON: Queen's University. [ pageneeded ] ^ Melbye M, Biggar RJ (March 1992). "Interactions between persons at risk for AIDS and the general population in Denmark" . Am. J. Epidemiol. 135 (6): 593â602. PMID 1580235 . ^ "AIDS and sexual behaviour in France. Mostly Indian Girls are affected from France girls .ACSF investigators". Nature 360 (6403): 407â9. December 1992. doi : 10.1038/360407a0 . PMID 1448162 . ^ http://www.urbanreproductivehealth.org/resource/aids-and-sexual-behaviour-france ^ Layte, Richard; et al. (2006). The Irish study of sexual health and relationships . Dublin: Crisis Pregnancy Agency. p.126. ISBN 1905199082 . Retrieved 18 April 2012 . Cite uses deprecated parameters ( help ) ^ http://www.fmhs.auckland.ac.nz/faculty/ahrg/_docs/2007-samesex-report20.pdf [ full citation needed ] [ pageneeded ] ^ Sundet JM, Kvalem IL, Magnus P, Bakketeig LS (1988). "Prevalence of risk-prone sexual behaviour in the general population of Norway". In Fleming AF, Carbaliv M, Fitzsimons DF. Global Impact of AIDS . New York: Alan R. Liss. pp.60. ^ Johnson AM, Wadsworth J, Wellings K, Bradshaw S, Field J (December 1992). "Sexual lifestyles and HIV risk". Nature 360 (6403): 410â2. doi : 10.1038/360410a0 . PMID 1448163 . ^ 3.6m people in Britain are gay â official , The Guardian ^ "UK gay, lesbian and bisexual population revealed" . Bbc.co.uk. 2010-09-23 . Retrieved 2013-08-26 . ^ http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/dcp171778_280451.pdf [ full citation needed ] ^ "Gibt es HeterosexualitĂ¤t?" . Lsbk.ch. 2001-03-17 . Retrieved 2013-08-26 . ^ "JugendsexualitĂ¤t â VerĂ¤nderungen in den letzten Jahrzehnten" . Bvvp.de . Retrieved 2013-08-26 . ^ a b (Portuguese) LGBT proportions by sex in Brazil [ dead link ] ^ "How Many People are Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual and Transgender?" . Williamsinstitute.law.ucla.edu. 2013-06-16 . Retrieved 2013-08-26 . ^ Gary J. Gates Same-sex Couples and the Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual Population: New Estimates from the American Community Survey MB) . The Williams Institute on Sexual Orientation Law and Public Policy, UCLA School of Law , October 2006. Retrieved April 20, 2007. Further reading [ edit ] Diamond M (August 1993). "Homosexuality and bisexuality in different populations". Arch Sex Behav 22 (4): 291â310. doi : 10.1007/BF01542119 . PMID 8368913 . v t e Lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender ( LGBT ) topics Academic fields Discourse LGBT topics in education Gender studies Lavender linguistics Lesbian feminism LGBT literature LGBT/Queer studies Queer theory Transfeminism Community Culture Anthems Bars Bisexual community Coming out Community center Drag king Drag queen Gay friendly Icons Lesbian utopia Literature Music Neighborhoods Organizations Periodicals Pride Pride parade Religious groups Rodeos Same-sex relationships Slang List of slang terms Slogans Sports Symbols Tourism Category:LGBT culture Gender identities Sexual identities Gender identities Male Female Androgyne Bigender Boi Cisgender Genderqueer Pangender Transgender Womyn Third sex / Third gender Akava'ine Eunuch Fa'afafine Fakaleiti Femminiello Hijra Kathoey Khanith Mahu Mukhannathun Muxe Bissu Two-Spirit Sexual orientation identities Sexual orientations Asexual Bisexual Heterosexual Homosexual Ex-gay Ex-ex-gay Pansexual Polyamorous Banjee Gay Lesbian Neutrois Queer Same gender loving Non-heterosexual Object sexuality Questioning bi-curious heteroflexible Related Gender roles Human female sexuality Human male sexuality Sexuality and gender identity-based cultures Intersex Hermaphrodite History LGBT history History of lesbianism LGBT history timeline Social movements History of Christianity and homosexuality History of same-sex unions Pederasty Category:LGBT history Pre-modern era Adelphopoiesis Homosexuality in ancient Greece Homosexuality in ancient Rome Homosexuality in ancient Egypt Homosexuality in ancient Peru Homosexuality in medieval Europe 16th to 19th century Mollies Urnings 20th century Gay Liberation Homosexuals in Nazi Germany and the Holocaust Inversion Sea queens Stonewall riots Festival of Light action White Night riots Queer theory 21st century Same-sex marriage Rights Legal issues LGBT rights by country or territory Africa Americas Asia Europe Oceania List of LGBT rights articles by region LGBT rights topics Adoption Civil unions and partnerships Hate crime laws Legal aspects of transsexualism Military service Parenting Same-sex marriage ( Status Timeline ) Socialism Sodomy laws United Nations / Yogyakarta Principles La Francophonie Commonwealth of Nations LGBT rights movements Gay liberation LGBT rights groups LGBT rights activists Sexual orientations Medicine, science and sexology Biology Birth order Demographics Environment Heterosexualâhomosexual continuum Homosexuality and psychology Kinsey scale Klein Grid Mental roots Neuroscience Prenatal hormones Sexual orientation change efforts Sexual orientation identity Timeline of sexual orientation and medicine Social attitudes Prejudice Violence Social attitudes Anti-LGBT slogans Heteronormativity Gay panic LGBT rights opposition LGBT stereotypes Religion and homosexuality Transgenderism and religion Prejudice and discrimination AIDS stigma Biphobia Genderism Heterosexism Homophobia Internalized homophobia Lesbophobia Non-binary discrimination Riddle scale SPLC-designated list of anti-gay U.S. hate groups Transphobia Violence against LGBT people Corrective rape Gay bashing History of violence in the UK History of violence in the US Significant acts of violence against LGBT people Trans bashing Unlawfully killed transgender people LGBT suicides Category:LGBT LGBT portal http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Demographics_of_sexual_orientationoldid=595202189 "     Categories : Demographics Sexual orientation and science Hidden categories: Wikipedia articles needing page number citations from July 2013 Pages containing cite templates with deprecated parameters Articles needing more detailed references Articles with Portuguese-language external links All articles with dead external links Articles with dead external links from October 2012 Articles that may contain original research from October 2010 All articles that may contain original research Navigation menu Personal tools Create account Log in Namespaces Article Talk Variants Views Read Edit View history Actions Search Navigation Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikimedia Shop Interaction Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Data item Cite this page Print/export Create a book Download as PDF Printable version Languages EspaĂąol PortuguĂŞs Đ ŃŃ Ń ĐşĐ¸Đš Tiáşżng Viáťt Edit links This page was last modified on 12 February 2014 at 21:42. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. , a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Developers Mobile view Prevalence of Homosexuality Brief Summary of U.S. Studies Kinsey Reports Contents 1948 and 1953 Studies of Alfred Kinsey Later Surveys Reviews of the Literature Sources The 1948 and 1953 Studies of Alfred Kinsey (Gebhard 1979) Sexual Behavior in the Human Male (1948) Sexual Behavior in the Human Female (1953) Reanalyses of Alfred Kinsey's Data In the Final Report and Background Papers In The Kinsey Data Tabulations by Gebhard (McWhirter 1990) John Gagnon and William Simon (1973) Later Surveys Hunt (1974) Pietropinto and Simenauer (1977) Fay, Turner, Klasser, and Gagnon (1989) Harry (1990) Smith (1991) http://www.norc.uchicago.edu/online/sex.pdf Janus and Janus (1993) Billy, Tafner, Grady, and Klepinger (1993) Taylor (1993) Laumann, Gagnon, Michael, and Michaels (1994) Sell, Wells, and Wypij (1995) Bagley and Tremblay (1998) Mosher, Chandra, and Jones (2005) In a national survey, 90% of men aged 18-44 considered themselves to be heterosexual, 2.3% as homosexual, 1.8% as bisexual, and 3.9% as 'something else.' Among women aged 18-44 in the same survey, 90% said they were heterosexual, 1.3% homosexual, 2.8% bisexual, and 3.8% as 'something else.' National Survey of Sexual Health and Behavior (2010) While about 7% of adult women and 8% of men identify as gay, lesbian or bisexual, the proportion of individuals in the U.S. who have had same-gender sexual interactions at some point in their lives is higher. Chandra, Mosher, Copen, and Sionean (2011) Data collected from a national sample of 13,495 men and women between 2006 and 2008. The study attempted to differentiate between sexual attraction, sexual behavior, and sexual identity. The percentage reporting their sexual identity as homosexual ranged from 2% to 4% of males, and about 1% to 2% of females. The percentage reporting their sexual identity as bisexual is between 1% and 3% of males, and 2% to 5% of females. About 4%6% of males ever had same-sex contact. For females, the percentage who have ever had same-sex contact ranges from about 4% in the GSS, to 11%12% in the 2002 and 20062008 NSFG. Reviews of the Literature Rogers and Turner (1991) Diamond (1993) Gonsiorek, Sell, and Weinrich (1995) Hewitt (1998) Gates (2011) Gates analyzed information from four recent national and two state-level population-based surveys. The analyses suggest that there are more than 8 million adults in the US who are lesbian, gay, or bisexual, comprising 3.5% of the adult population. He estimated an additional 700,000 individuals identified as transgender. Sources Journal of Homosexuality The sexual behavior of men in the United States. 25(2), 52-60. Journal of Sex Research 32(3), 245-254. Chandra A, Mosher WD, Copen C, Sionean C. (2011) Sexual behavior, sexual attraction, and sexual identity in the United States: Data from the 20062008 National Survey of Family Growth . National health statistics reports ; no 36. Hyattsville, MD: National Center for Health Statistics. Archives of Sexual Behavior 22(4), 291-310. Science 243, 338-348. Gagnon, J., and Simon, W. (1973). . Chicago: Aldine. Gates, G. J. (2011). How many people are lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender? Los Angeles, CA: The Williams Institute, UCLA School of Law. Gebhard, P. H. (1972). Gebhard, P.H., and Johnson, A.B. (1979). . Philadelphia: W.B. Saunders. 25(Supplement), 40-51. Harry, J. (1990). Journal of Homosexuality 19(1), 89-104. Hewitt, C. (1998). Journal of Sex Research Hunt, M. (1974). Sexual Behavior in the 1970's Janus, S., and Janus, C. (1993). . New York: John Wiley Sons. Kinsey, A., Pomeroy, W., and Martin, C. (1948) Sexual Behavior in the Human Male . Philadelphia: W.B. Saunders. Sexual Behavior in the Human Female . Chicago: University of Chicago Press. Homosexuality/Heterosexuality Mosher WD, Chandra A, Jones J. Sexual behavior and selected health measures: Men and women 1544 years of age, United States, 2002. Advance data from vital and health statistics ; no 362. Hyattsville, MD: National Center for Health Statistics. 2005. National Survey of Sexual Health and Behavior (NSSHB). Findings from the National Survey of Sexual Health and Behavior, Centre for Sexual Health Promotion, Indiana University. Journal of Sexual Medicine , Vol. 7, Supplement 5. Pietropinto, A., and Simenauer, J. (1977). . New York: Times Books. Rogers, S., and Turner, C. (1991). 28(4):491-519. Sell, R. L., Wells, J. A., and Wypij, D. (1995). Archives of Sexual Behavior 24(3), 235-248. Smith, T.W. (1991). 23(3), 102-107. Taylor, H. (1993). #20. New York, NY: Louis Harris Associates. Wells, J.A., and Sell, R.L. (1990). Comments: kinsey@indiana.edu About eScholarship About eScholarship About California Digital Library eScholarship Staff Campus Contacts eScholarship Technology Featured Announcements In the Press Press Releases Testimonials OA Initiatives OA Policy Information Privacy Policy Publish/Deposit Deposit Manage Your Content Books Conferences Journals Previously Published Works Working Papers Non-textual Media eBook Print-on-Demand Browse Content Recently Added Most Popular UC Campus Department Journals Books Theses Dissertations Previously Published Works Author Date Help Managing Your Content Content on the Site Technical Resources Librarians Authors Content Guidelines Copyright Legal Peer Review Content Removal Access Preservation Contact Us My Account My Saved Items ( 0 ) Advanced Search The Williams Institute UCLA Print Page Census Snapshots Gates, Gary J.; Cooke, Abigail M.: Alabama Census Snapshot: 2010 , 2011 Gates, Gary J.; Cooke, Abigail M.: Alaska Census Snapshot: 2010 , 2011 Gates, Gary J.; Cooke, Abigail M.: Arizona Census Snapshot: 2010 , 2011 Gates, Gary J.; Cooke, Abigail M.: Arkansas Census Snapshot: 2010 , 2011 Gates, Gary J.; Cooke, Abigail M.: California Census Snapshot: 2010 , 2011 Gates, Gary J.; Cooke, Abigail M.: Colorado Census Snapshot: 2010 , 2011 Gates, Gary J.; Cooke, Abigail M.: Connecticut Census Snapshot: 2010 , 2011 Gates, Gary J.; Cooke, Abigail M.: Delaware Census Snapshot 2010 , 2011 Gates, Gary J.; Cooke, Abigail M.: District of Columbia Census Snapshot: 2010 , 2011 Gates, Gary J.; Cooke, Abigail M.: Florida Census Snapshot: 2010 , 2011 Gates, Gary J.; Cooke, Abigail M.: Georgia Census Snapshot: 2010 , 2011 Gates, Gary J.; Cooke, Abigail M.: Hawaii Census Snapshot: 2010 , 2011 Gates, Gary J.; Cooke, Abigail M.: Idaho Census Snapshot: 2010 , 2011 Gates, Gary J.; Cooke, Abigail M.: Illinois Census Snapshot: 2010 , 2011 Gates, Gary J.; Cooke, Abigail M.: Indiana Census Snapshot: 2010 , 2011 Gates, Gary J.; Cooke, Abigail M.: Iowa Census Snapshot: 2010 , 2011 Gates, Gary J.; Cooke, Abigail M.: Kansas Census Snapshot: 2010 , 2011 Gates, Gary J.; Cooke, Abigail M.: Kentucky Census Snapshot: 2010 , 2011 Gates, Gary J.; Cooke, Abigail M.: Louisiana Census Snapshot: 2010 , 2011 Gates, Gary J.; Cooke, Abigail M.: Maine Census Snapshot: 2010 , 2011 Gates, Gary J.; Cooke, Abigail M.: Maryland Census Snapshot: 2010 , 2011 Gates, Gary J.; Cooke, Abigail M.: Massachusetts Census Snapshot: 2010 , 2011 Gates, Gary J.; Cooke, Abigail M.: Michigan Census Snapshot: 2010 , 2011 Gates, Gary J.; Cooke, Abigail M.: Minnesota Census Snapshot: 2010 , 2011 Gates, Gary J.; Cooke, Abigail M.: Mississippi Census Snapshot: 2010 , 2011 Gates, Gary J.; Cooke, Abigail M.: Missouri Census Snapshot: 2010 , 2011 Gates, Gary J.; Cooke, Abigail M.: Montana Census Snapshot: 2010 , 2011 Gates, Gary J.; Cooke, Abigail M.: Nebraska Census Snapshot: 2010 , 2011 Gates, Gary J.; Cooke, Abigail M.: Nevada Census Snapshot: 2010 , 2011 Gates, Gary J.; Cooke, Abigail M.: New Hampshire Census Snapshot: 2010 , 2011 Gates, Gary J.; Cooke, Abigail M.: New Jersey Census Snapshot: 2010 , 2011 Gates, Gary J.; Cooke, Abigail M.: New Mexico Census Snapshot: 2010 , 2011 Gates, Gary J.; Cooke, Abigail M.: New York Census Snapshot: 2010 , 2011 Gates, Gary J.; Cooke, Abigail M.: North Carolina Census Snapshot: 2010 , 2011 Gates, Gary J.; Cooke, Abigail M.: North Dakota Census Snapshot: 2010 , 2011 Gates, Gary J.; Cooke, Abigail M.: Ohio Census Snapshot: 2010 , 2011 Gates, Gary J.; Cooke, Abigail M.: Oklahoma Census Snapshot: 2010 , 2011 Gates, Gary J.; Cooke, Abigail M.: Oregon Census Snapshot: 2010 , 2011 Gates, Gary J.; Cooke, Abigail M.: Pennsylvania Census Snapshot: 2010 , 2011 Gates, Gary J.; Cooke, Abigail M.: Rhode Island Census Snapshot: 2010 , 2011 Gates, Gary J.; Cooke, Abigail M.: South Carolina Census Snapshot: 2010 , 2011 Gates, Gary J.; Cooke, Abigail M.: South Dakota Census Snapshot: 2010 , 2011 Gates, Gary J.; Cooke, Abigail M.: Tennessee Census Snapshot: 2010 , 2011 Gates, Gary J.; Cooke, Abigail M.: Texas Census Snapshot: 2010 , 2011 Gates, Gary J.; Cooke, Abigail M.: United States Census Snapshot: 2010 , 2011 Gates, Gary J.; Cooke, Abigail M.: Utah Census Snapshot: 2010 , 2011 Gates, Gary J.; Cooke, Abigail M.: Vermont Census Snapshot: 2010 , 2011 Gates, Gary J.; Cooke, Abigail M.: Virginia Census Snapshot , 2011 Gates, Gary J.; Cooke, Abigail M.: Washington Census Snapshot: 2010 , 2011 Gates, Gary J.; Cooke, Abigail M.: West Virginia Census Snapshot: 2010 , 2011 Next 50 publicationsÂ  Follow eScholarship on Â  General Information The Williams Institute www.law.ucla.edu/williamsinstitute Submit Paper to this Series Administrator Login Policies Submission Guidelines Privacy Policy California Digital Library Items in eScholarship are protected by copyright, with all rights reserved, unless otherwise indicated. http://escholarship.org/uc/uclalaw_williams_census New York Magazine Skip to content , or skip to search . NYMag.com Daily Intelligencer Vulture The Cut Grub Street Bedford Bowery Twitter Facebook Follow: UserName Log In Register New York . Subscribe to New York Magazine Give a Gift Subscription of New York Magazine iPad Edition of New York Magazine Home News & Politics Daily Intelligencer Jonathan Chait John Heilemann Frank Rich Kevin Roose Chris Smith Entertainment Vulture Art Books Classical Dance Movies Music Theater TV Agenda: To Do This Week Fashion The Cut Beauty Fashion News Trends Fashion Shows Street Style Celebrity Style Designers Models Goods Product Picks Love War Restaurants Restaurants Search Menus Grub Street Best of NY Food Cheap Eats Where to Eat 2014 Recipes Bars Bar Search Best of NY Nightlife Stores Store Search Best of NY Shopping Home Design Goods Product Picks The Magazine Subscribe Now Give Gift Subscription Download iPad Edition Buy Back Issues View Current Issue Online Issue Archive Customer Service Media Kit Travel Design Dates Weddings Real Estate Doctors NYC Tourist Guide Best of New York Issue Skip to content , or skip to search . Entire Site Magazine Blogs Search Listings: Restaurants Bars Clubs Events Hotels Movies Museums Attractions Spas Beauty Services Stores Features The Science of Gaydar If sexual orientation is biological, are the traits that make people seem gay innate, too? The new research on everything from voice pitch to hair whorl. By David France Published Jun 17, 2007 ShareThis EXAMPLE A: Hair Whorl (Men) Gay men are more likely than straight men to have a counterclockwise whorl. Photographs by Mark Mahaney A s a presence in the worlda body hanging from a subway strap or pressed into an elevator, a figure crossing the streetI am neither markedly masculine nor notably effeminate. Nor am I typically perceived as androgynous, not in my uniform of Diesels and boots, not even when I was younger and favored dangling earrings and bright Jack Purcells. But most people immediately read me (correctly) as gay. It takes only a glance to make my truth obvious. I know this from strangers who find gay people offensive enough to elicit a remarkcatcalls from cab windows, to use a recent exampleas well as from countless casual social engagements in which people easily assume my orientation, no sensitive gaydar necessary. Im not so much out-of-the-closet as to use Quentin Crisps phrase, although being of a younger generation, I cant subscribe to his belief that it is a kind of disfigurement requiring lavender hair rinse. I once placed a personal ad in which I described myself as partly as a jab at my peers who prefer to be thought of as but mostly because its just who I am. Maybe a better way to phrase it would have been the category advanced by the gay German sexologist Magnus Hirschfeld 100 years ago. The label fell into disrepute, but lately a number of well-known researchers in the field of sexual orientation have been reviving it based on an extensive new body of research showing that most of us, whether top or bottom, butch or femme, or somewhere in between, share a kind of physical otherness that locates us in our own quadrant of the gender matrix, more like one another than not. Whatever that otherness is seems to come from somewhere deep within us. It mostly defies our efforts to disguise it. Thats what we mean by gaydarnot the skill of the viewer so much as the telltale signs most gay people project, the set of traits that make us unmistakably one. The late psychologist and sexologist John Money famously called these the details of our which he believed are drawn primarily by lifes experience and social conditioning. Money planted some of the earliest flags in the nature-versus-nurture war by claiming that dysfunctional parents, not inborn biology, is what produced sissy boys, tomboys, and other gender variants. But today, the pendulum has swung just about as far in the other direction as possible. A small constellation of researchers is specifically analyzing the traits and characteristics that, though more pronounced in some than in others, not only make us gay but also make us appear gay. At first read, their findings seem like a string of unlinked, esoteric observations. Statistically, for instance, gay men and lesbians have about a 50 percent greater chance of being left-handed or ambidextrous than straight men or women. The relative lengths of our fingers offer another hint: The index fingers of most straight men are shorter than their ring fingers, while for most women they are closer in length, or even reversed in ratio. But some researchers have noted that gay men are likely to have finger-length ratios more in line with those of straight women, and a study of self-described lesbians showed significantly masculinized ratios. The same goes for the way we hear, the way we process spatial reasoning, and even the ring of our voices. One study, involving tape-recordings of gay and straight men, found that 75 percent of gay men sounded gay to a general audience. Its unclear what the listeners responded to, whether there is a recognized gay or vocal quality. And there is no hint as to whether this idiosyncrasy is owed to biology or cultural influencesonly that its unmistakable. What is there in Rufus Wainwrights uninhibited, yearning, ugly-duckling voice, as the Los Angeles Times wrote a few weeks ago, that we recognize as uniquely gay? Does biology account for Rosie Os crisp trumpet and Charles Nelson Reillys gnyuck-gnyuck-gnyuck ? These are all part and parcel of the idea that being gay is differentthat we are different animals to some extent, says Simon LeVay, the British-born neuroscientist who has dedicated himself to studying these issues. Hirschfeld was right. I support the idea that were a third sexor a third sex and a fourth sex, gay men and lesbians. Today, theres scientific documentation behind this. Richard Lippa, a psychologist from California State University at Fullerton, is one of the leading cataloguers of the many ways in which gay people are different. I caught up with him a few weeks ago at a booth at the Long Beach Pride Festival in Southern California, where he was researching another hypothesisthat the hair-whorl patterns on gay heads are more likely to go counterclockwise. If true, it will be one more clue to our biological uniqueness. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 Next Share this story... Facebook Twitter Digg ShareThis Counter Email Print Related: Archive: Features Table of Contents: Jun 25, 2007 issue of New York | Subscribe! Advertising Most Popular Stories Most Viewed Most Emailed Most Viewed Last 24 Hours What You Missed in the Premiere of Ronan Farrows Daytime MSNBC Show One-Percent Jokes and Plutocrats in Drag: What I Saw When I Crashed a Wall Street Secret Society Why Do Appalachians Love Clinton And Hate Obama? My Addiction, Through My Eyes NYC Woman Jaywalks and Gives Birth at the Same Time Pediatricians Warn Parents Not to Seek Medical Care on Evenings, Weekends Hipster Beard Transplants Are at Least Kind of a Thing Sean Parker Becomes Latest Tech Billionaire to Invoke Nazis for Absolutely No Reason Metro-North Conductor Writes Apology Letter for Canceled Train, Now MVP of Rush-Hour Commute The Goldman Sachs Elevator Tweeter Never Worked at Goldman Sachs Most Emailed Last 24 Hours How Not to Talk to Your Kids My Addiction, Through My Eyes Cracking the Kindergarten Code - Get Your Child into the Right School Space of the Week: The Hottest Club in Town (If Youre an Artist or Bookworm) The Best White Rum The Collateral Damage of a Teenager The Big Squeeze The Science of Gaydar - New Research on Everything From Voice Pitch to Hair Whorl -- New York Magazine Makeup lessons - Test Drive Are You On It? The Current Issue Subscribe to New York View Contents Order Issue Cover Gallery Customer Service Subscribe Give a Gift Advertising A GIF Guide to Becks Greatest Dance Moves 20 Great Unheralded Morrissey Songs Dear Downton : Donât Screw Up the CarsonâMrs. Hughes Story Line Next Season Morning Phase Oscar Bloggers Are Keeping Score Director Alex Timbers on Rocky the Musical The NoMad Plans Expanded Bar Blue Bottle CEO James Freeman on His New Brooklyn Shop and That $25 Million Funding Round Dominique Ansel Bringing Cronuts to Los Angeles This Weekend Period Loft: At Home With Sir John Richardson The Look Book: Albert Hicks IV, Student Platt on Mission Cantina and Contra The Dish: Original Egg Roll Version 2 Alec Baldwin: I Give Up The Four Most Desired People in New York Is the @GSElevator Mystery Really Solved? Your Weekend Brunch Binge Is Illegal Is It Mean to Debunk Lies About Obamacare? My Addiction, Through My Eyes How the GOP Sabotaged Marco Rubio Copyright 2014, New York Media LLC . All Rights Reserved. New York Magazine Contact Us Jobs Site Map Media Kit Privacy Policy Terms Magazine Customer Service Newsletters RSS Feeds Apps Ad choices Gaydar From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia navigation ,       search For other uses, see Gaydar (disambiguation) . Gaydar (a portmanteau of gay and radar ) is a colloquialism referring to the intuitive ability of a person to assess others' sexual orientations as gay , bisexual or heterosexual . Gaydar relies almost exclusively on non-verbal clues and LGBT stereotypes . These include (but are not limited to) the sensitivity to social behaviors and mannerisms; for instance, acknowledging flamboyant body language, the tone of voice used by a person when speaking, overtly rejecting traditional gender roles , a person's occupation, and grooming habits. The detection of sexual orientation by outward appearance or behavior is frequently challenged by situations in which masculine gay men who do not act in a stereotypically "gay" fashion, or with metrosexual men (regardless of sexuality) who exhibit a lifestyle, spending habits, and concern for personal appearance stereotypical of fashionable urban gay men. [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ] [ 4 ] Contents 1 Scientific research 2 Electronic device 3 Further reading 4 See also 5 References 6 External links Scientific research [ edit ] A number of scientific studies have been conducted to test whether gaydar is real or just a popular myth. Perhaps the earliest study [ 5 ] asked people to judge sexual orientation from video clips, with results concluding that it was a myth. A later and more rigorous study published in a prestigious psychology journal showed that people could accurately judge sexual orientation. [ 6 ] This study asked people to indicate their sexual orientation using the Kinsey scale and then had others view very brief silent clips of the people talking using thin-slicing . The viewers rated their sexual orientations on the same scale and the researchers found a significant correlation between where the people said they were on the scale and where they were perceived to be on the scale. Sexual orientation was therefore perceived accurately just from nonverbal behaviors. Later studies have repeated this finding [ 7 ] and have even shown that home videos of children can be used to accurately judge their sexual orientation later in life. [ 8 ] Later studies found that gaydar was also accurate at rates greater than chance for judgments just from the face. Study participants use gendered facial cues and stereotypes of gay people to make their judgments, but reliably misjudge sexual orientation for people countering stereotypes. [ 9 ] The race, ethnicity, and nationality of neither the person making the judgment nor the person they are judging seems to make a difference when making judgments from faces. [ 10 ] [ 11 ] [ 12 ] Even individual facial features (just the eyes) can sometimes give enough information to tell whether a man or woman is gay, straight, or lesbian. [ 13 ] [ 14 ] One study showed that judgments of menâs [ 15 ] and womenâs [ 14 ] faces for about 1/25th of a second was enough time to tell whether they were gay, straight, or lesbian. Peopleâs judgments were not any more accurate when they had more time to make their judgments. Follow-up work to this suggested that gaydar happens automatically when someone sees another person and that seeing someoneâs face automatically activates stereotypes about gays and straights. [ 16 ] People seem not to know that they have gaydar, though. [ 13 ] Gay men have better gaydar than straight men [ 17 ] and women have better gaydar when they are ovulating. [ 18 ] One study hypothesized that this might be because homosexual people are more attentive to detail than heterosexual people are, apparently as an adopted perceptual style aiding in the recognition of other homosexual people. [ 19 ] Other studies have found that men and women with body shapes and walking styles similar to people of the opposite sex are more often perceived as gay. The study, by UCLA assistant professor Kerri Johnson, found that observers were able to accurately guess the sexual orientation of men 60 percent of the time â almost a coin toss; with women, their guesses didnât exceed chance. But whatâs most interesting to researchers is understanding how that snap judgment can unleash a series of stereotypes. Contrary to hype surrounding the study, the results suggest that walking styles and body shapes do not give away sexual orientation. The study was intended to reveal information about the perception of the observer, but has been misinterpreted as conveying reliable information about the sexual orientation of the participants. Gender-specific body movements are not reliably associated with a personâs sexual orientation [ 20 ] This is true of face shape, [ 21 ] but surprisingly not for voices, [ 22 ] even though people think they do. [ 23 ] A handful of studies have investigated the question of gaydar from the voice. [ 24 ] [ 25 ] [ 26 ] [ 27 ] They have found that people can tell who is gay and straight from their voices but have mostly focused on men. Detailed acoustic analyses have highlighted a number of factors in a personâs voice [ 27 ] that are used, one of which is the way that gay and straight men pronounce "s" sounds. [ 24 ] Electronic device [ edit ] In the early 2000s, an electronic device based on the Japanese Lovegety wireless dating device was marketed as 'Gaydar', and reported on widely in the media. [ 28 ] [ 29 ] This was a key-chain sized device which would send out a wireless signal, alerting the user via a vibration, beep or flash when a similar device was within 40 feet. This let the user know that a like-minded person was nearby. Further reading [ edit ] Gaydar by Donald F. Reuter ( ISBN 978-0-609-61102-9 ) See also [ edit ] LGBT portal Biometrics Biology and sexual orientation (physical differences) Electropsychometer Fruit machine (homosexuality test) Jizz (birding) Linguistic profiling#Gender and sexual orientation Gay lisp Straight-acting References [ edit ] ^ McFedries, Paul (12 December 2003). "Metrosexual" . Logophilia Limited . Retrieved 2007-12-17 . ^ Simpson, Mark (15 November 1994). "Here Come The Mirror Men" . The Independent . Retrieved 2007-12-17 . ^ Simpson, Mark (22 July 2002). "Meet The Metrosexual" . Salon.com . Retrieved 2007-12-17 . ^ Hackbarth, Alexa (17 November 2003). "Vanity, Thy Name Is Metrosexual" . The Washington Post . Retrieved 2007-12-17 . ^ Berger, G; Hank, L; Rauzi, T; Simkins, L (1987). "Detection of sexual orientation by heterosexuals and homosexuals". Journal of homosexuality 13 (4): 83â100. doi : 10.1300/J082v13n04_05 . PMID 3611750 . ^ Ambady, N; Hallahan, M; Conner, B (1999). "Accuracy of judgments of sexual orientation from thin slices of behavior". Journal of personality and social psychology 77 (3): 538â47. PMID 10510507 . ^ Rieger, G; Linsenmeier, JA; Gygax, L; Garcia, S; Bailey, JM (2010). "Dissecting "gaydar": Accuracy and the role of masculinity-femininity". Archives of Sexual Behavior 39 (1): 124â40. doi : 10.1007/s10508-008-9405-2 . PMID 18810629 . ^ Rieger, G; Linsenmeier, JA; Gygax, L; Bailey, JM (2008). "Sexual orientation and childhood gender nonconformity: Evidence from home videos". Developmental psychology 44 (1): 46â58. doi : 10.1037/0012-1649.44.1.46 . PMID 18194004 . ^ Rule, NO (2010). "Sexual orientation perception involves gendered facial cues". Pers Soc Psychol Bull 36 (10): 1318â31. doi : 10.1177/0146167210378755 . PMID 20682754 . ^ Rule, NO (2011). "The influence of target and perceiver race in the categorisation of male sexual orientation". Perception 40 (7): 830â9. PMID 22128555 . ^ Johnson, KL; Ghavami, N (2011). "At the crossroads of conspicuous and concealable: What race categories communicate about sexual orientation" . In Gilbert, Sam. PLoS ONE 6 (3): e18025. doi : 10.1371/journal.pone.0018025 . PMC 3069043 . PMID 21483863 . ^ Rule, NO; Ishii, K; Ambady, N; Rosen, KS; Hallett, KC (2011). "Found in translation: Cross-cultural consensus in the accurate categorization of male sexual orientation". Personality social psychology bulletin 37 (11): 1499â507. doi : 10.1177/0146167211415630 . PMID 21807952 . ^ a b Rule, NO; Ambady, N; Adams, RB; MacRae, CN (2008). "Accuracy and awareness in the perception and categorization of male sexual orientation". Journal of personality and social psychology 95 (5): 1019â28. doi : 10.1037/a0013194 . PMID 18954191 . ^ a b Rule, Nicholas O.; Ambady, Nalini; Hallett, Katherine C. (2009). "Female sexual orientation is perceived accurately, rapidly, and automatically from the face and its features". Journal of Experimental Social Psychology 45 (6): 1245. doi : 10.1016/j.jesp.2009.07.010 . ^ Rule, Nicholas O.; Ambady, Nalini (2008). "Brief exposures: Male sexual orientation is accurately perceived at 50ms". Journal of Experimental Social Psychology 44 (4): 1100. doi : 10.1016/j.jesp.2007.12.001 . ^ Rule, NO; MacRae, CN; Ambady, N (2009). "Ambiguous group membership is extracted automatically from faces". Psychological science 20 (4): 441â3. PMID 19399971 . ^ Rule, NO; Ambady, N; Adams Jr, RB; MacRae, CN (2007). "Us and them: Memory advantages in perceptually ambiguous groups". Psychonomic Bulletin Review 14 (4): 687â92. PMID 17972734 . ^ Rule, NO; Rosen, KS; Slepian, ML; Ambady, N (2011). "Mating interest improves women's accuracy in judging male sexual orientation". Psychological science 22 (7): 881â6. doi : 10.1177/0956797611412394 . PMID 21670428 . ^ Colzato, LS; Van Hooidonk, L; Van Den Wildenberg, WP; Harinck, F; Hommel, B (2010). "Sexual orientation biases attentional control: A possible gaydar mechanism" . Frontiers in psychology 1 : 13. doi : 10.3389/fpsyg.2010.00013 . PMC 3095381 . PMID 21607070 . ^ Johnson, KL; Gill, S; Reichman, V; Tassinary, LG (2007). "Swagger, sway, and sexuality: Judging sexual orientation from body motion and morphology". Journal of personality and social psychology 93 (3): 321â34. doi : 10.1037/0022-3514.93.3.321 . PMID 17723051 . ^ Freeman, JB; Johnson, KL; Ambady, N; Rule, NO (2010). "Sexual orientation perception involves gendered facial cues". Personality social psychology bulletin 36 (10): 1318â31. doi : 10.1177/0146167210378755 . PMID 20682754 . ^ Munson, Benjamin; Babel, Molly (2007). "Loose Lips and Silver Tongues, or, Projecting Sexual Orientation Through Speech". Language and Linguistics Compass 1 (5): 416. doi : 10.1111/j.1749-818X.2007.00028.x . ^ Cartei, Valentina; Reby, David (2011). "Acting Gay: Male Actors Shift the Frequency Components of Their Voices Towards Female Values when Playing Homosexual Characters". Journal of Nonverbal Behavior 36 : 79. doi : 10.1007/s10919-011-0123-4 . ^ a b Linville, SE (1998). "Acoustic correlates of perceived versus actual sexual orientation in men's speech". Folia phoniatrica et logopaedica: official organ of the International Association of Logopedics and Phoniatrics (IALP) 50 (1): 35â48. PMID 9509737 . ^ Smyth, RON; Jacobs, Greg; Rogers, Henry (2003). "Male voices and perceived sexual orientation: An experimental and theoretical approach". Language in Society 32 (3). doi : 10.1017/S0047404503323024 . ^ Gaudio, R. P. (1994). "Sounding Gay: Pitch Properties in the Speech of Gay and Straight Men". American Speech 69 (1): 30â57. JSTOR 455948 . ^ a b http://colorado.edu/linguistics/CRIL/Volume22_Issue1/paper_ZIMMAN.pdf [ full citation needed ] ^ Wilson, Craig (25 February 2000). " ' Gaydar' device clears up mixed signals" . USA Today . Retrieved 13 January 2014 . ^ Moret, Jim (29 February 2000). "New Gizmo Could Make Looking For Love Much Easier For Gays" . CNN . Retrieved 13 January 2014 . External links [ edit ] Public Radio Program on gaydar The Science of Gaydar: The new research on everything from voice pitch to hair whorl v t e Lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender (LGBT) slang Bareback Banjee Batty boy Bear Beard Beat Bi-curious Breeder Bugchasing Bulldagger Butch and femme Boi Bottom Castro clone Chicken Chickenhawk Chub Cottaging Cruising Daddy Down-low Drag Dyke En femme En homme Fag (Faggot) Fag hag Fag stag Faux queen Flagging (hanky code) Friend of Dorothy Fruit Gay-for-pay Gaydar Gaymer Glory hole Lesbian until graduation Lipstick lesbian Party and play Queen Scissor sister Shemale Soft butch Swish Tea-room Top Trade Transfan Troll Twink U-Haul lesbian Versatile LGBT portal Polari Lavender linguistics Terminology of homosexuality http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Gaydaroldid=596436236 "     Categories : LGBT culture LGBT terms Slang 1990s slang 2000s slang Hidden categories: Articles needing more detailed references Navigation menu Personal tools Create account Log in Namespaces Article Talk Variants Views Read Edit View history Actions Search Navigation Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikimedia Shop Interaction Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Data item Cite this page Print/export Create a book Download as PDF Printable version Languages ĐŃ ĐşĐ°Ń? ÄeĹĄtina Dansk Deutsch EspaĂąol FranĂ§ais í´ Italiano ×˘××Ş Nederlands ć Occitan Đ ŃŃ Ń ĐşĐ¸Đš Suomi Svenska ŕšŕ¸˘ TĂźrkĂ§e Tiáşżng Viáťt Edit links This page was last modified on 21 February 2014 at 03:04. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. , a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Developers Mobile view While receiving accolades is gratifying, but humans benefit far more from deeper relationships. An idea seems more valuable if itâs easier to say or think. Donât try to manage your stress. Instead, dance with it. Food sharing releases oxytocin as a way to facilitate bonding and cooperation. Schizophrenia, like all the rest of psychiatric issues, is a human story. Home Find a Therapist Find Find a Therapist Find a Psychiatrist Find a Therapy Group Find a Treatment Facility Do I Need Therapy? Professionals Therapist Login Therapist Sign-Up Topic Streams Addiction Aging Animal Behavior Anxiety Autism Behavioral Economics Child Development Cognition Creativity Depression Diet Eating Disorders Education Environment Ethics and Morality Evolutionary Psychology Gender Happiness Health Integrative Medicine Intelligence Law and Crime Media Memory Neuroscience Parenting Personal Perspectives Personality Philosophy Politics Procrastination Psych Careers Psychiatry Race and Ethnicity Relationships Resilience Self-Help Sex Sleep Social Life Spirituality Sport and Competition Stress Therapy Work Get Help Mental Health Addiction ADHD Anxiety Aspergers Autism Bipolar Disorder Depression Eating Disorders Insomnia OCD Personality Passive Aggression Personality Shyness Personal Growth Happiness Goal Setting Positive Psychology Relationships Low Sexual Desire Relationships Sex Emotion Management Anger Procrastination Stress Family Life Adolescents Child Development Elder Care Parenting Siblings Recently Diagnosed? Diagnosis Dictionary Magazine Current Issue Customer Service Subscribe Renew Give a Gift Archive Tests Psych Basics Experts Index of Blogs Our Experts Public Speakers Media Interviews Queer Eyes: Blips on the Gaydar Some peopleâgay men and womenâare just better at identifying gays than others. Willow Lawson , published on November 01, 2005 - last reviewed on June 08, 2012 Tweet It's true: Some people really do have "gaydar." Until recently, the concept has been the stuff of urban legend. But in fact, according to a study conducted in 2005, some people are better at identifying gays than others, and overall, gays are better at it than straight individuals. William Lee Adams, an undergraduate at Harvard College who studied the topic for his senior thesis, found that when volunteers quickly view a stranger with minimal informationâfrom neck-up photos and videos, without jewelry or makeupâhomosexual men and women are more accurate in identifying other homosexuals. Neither the viewers nor the videotaped volunteers knew the purpose of the study. Gay men and women not only made more accurate assessments, they were efficient, too: It took about 2 seconds for gays to decide whether a person was straight or not. Says Adams, "You either have gaydar or you don't." Of homosexuals, gay men were more easily recognized than lesbians, perhaps because of their visible niche in the entertainment world, says Adams. Gay women were more likely than men to be misclassified by both heterosexuals and homosexuals as straight. Solving the Mystery of Gaydar Gaydar: It Takes 50 Milliseconds to Identify a Manâs Sexual Orientation. Beauty Treatment: A Nose For Deception The Grown-up Picky Eaters Club Wake Up and Smell the Asparagus! Find a Therapist Search for a mental health professional near you. Find Local: Acupuncturists Chiropractors Massage Therapists Dentists and more! A separate study points to a possible biological basis for gaydar. When gay and straight men and women sniff the underarm odors of othersâunsullied by deodorants or perfumesâgay men strongly prefer the smell of other gay men, according to researchers at the Monell Chemical Senses Center in Philadelphia. Lesbians, as well as straight men and women, find the scents of gay men least appealing. Adams says it's unclear what cues gays are picking up on visually, but eye gaze may be key. He also thinks gaydar may have developed to help gays fulfill their need for affectionate relationships. "Gays often face isolation, depression and anxiety," says Adams. "Maybe gaydar is a coping mechanism." The Secret That Became My Life The identity-warping nature of secrets and lies More From This Issue Issue Archives Subscribe Twitter FaceBook Google+ Copyright 1991-2014 Sussex Publishers, LLC Sussex Directories, Inc. About/Contact Privacy Policy Site Help/Customer Service Terms of Use TherapyIndex Healthprofs Index Buildingpros Index 
