 ThinkQuest Team 25763 presents: please choose your appropriate age group: Please note that Macromedia Flash is used extensively in this web site. If you don't have the plugin, it is recommended that you should download it, which you may do here Site Awards - Click Here since 8-16-99 
 English French Italian English Spanish German survey if you are having problems viewing the spacetrip. awards ! Guestbook report any problems to us! 
           Adittional Resources: Astrolinks Linking Sites Contact      Portuguese Version 
 J.E. TOHLINE Louisiana State University Department of Physics & Astronomy Belorussian translation 1.  Introduction Mathieu 1994 Bodenheimer et al. (1993) et al. (1998) 3 - 10 10 cm -3 2. The Classical Fission Hypothesis Chandrasekhar (1969) 3. Problems Promoting the Fission Hypothesis Ostriker & Bodenheimer (1968) Durisen et al. (1986) Williams & Tohline (1988) Houser et al. (1994) Ostriker & Bodenheimer (1968) 
 Astronomy 162 Stars, Galaxies, and Cosmology first semester Properties of Light Wave Properties The Electromagnetic Spectrum Refraction and Diffraction Dispersion in Wavelength Intensity: the Inverse Square Law The Doppler Effect The Interaction of Light and Matter Atoms and Molecules The Bohr Model Ionization and Plasmas Radiation Laws The Zeeman Effect Molecular Spectra Atmospheric Windows Telescopes and Detectors Limitations of the Human Eye Refracting Telescopes Reflecting Telescopes Radio Telescopes Observations at other Wavelengths The Sun, a Nearby Star Basic Solar Properties The Solar Composition The Interior of the Sun The Solar Spectrum The Photosphere of the Sun Granulation of the Photosphere The Chromosphere of the Sun The Solar Corona Sunspots The Sunspot Cycle The Magnetic Field of the Sun Prominences and Plages Solar Flares The Solar Wind Energy Production in Stars Mass and Energy The Curve of Binding Energy Nuclear Reactions Temperature and Pressure in Stars The Proton-Proton Chain The CNO Cycle The Competition between PP and CNO Cycles The Triple Alpha Process Advanced Burning Stages Energy Transport in Stars The Solar Neutrino Problem Ordinary Stars Stellar Magnitudes The Harvard Spectral Sequence Stellar Distances The Parallax Method Distance Units Distances to Stars Stellar Motion Proper Motion Space Velocities Motion of the Sun Secular and Statistical Parallax Multiple Star Systems Visual Binaries Astrometric Binaries Spectroscopic Binaries Eclipsing Binaries The Algol System Measuring Diameters Measuring Masses The Mass-Luminosity Relation Accreting Binaries Star Clusters Clusters and Groupings Open Clusters Globular Clusters The Hertzsprung-Russell Diagram Recipe for Stars Protostars Life on the Main Sequence Variable Stars The Death of Stars like the Sun Ejection of the Envelope White Dwarfs and Novae Supernovae Supernova Light Curves Type I Supernovae Type II Supernovae Supernova 1987A Supernova Remnants Neutron Stars Pulsars Black Holes The Milky Way Galaxy The Nature of the Galaxy Components of the Milky Way The Interstellar Medium Stellar Populations Rotation of the Galaxy The Spiral Arms Formation of the Spiral Arms The Nucleus of the Galaxy The Galaxies The Hubble Classification Spiral Galaxies Elliptical Galaxies Irregular Galaxies Interacting Galaxies Gravitational Lensing Formation of Galaxies Evolution of Galaxies Active Galaxies Seyfert Galaxies Radio Galaxies BL Lac Objects Quasars Supermassive Black Holes Determining Masses in Galactic Centers Model for Active Galactic Nuclei Groups of Galaxies The Local Group Clusters of Galaxies The Virgo and Coma Rich Clusters The Mass Contained in Clusters Superclusters of Galaxies The Great Attractor Soap Bubbles and Voids Great Walls Summary of Distance Scales Cosmology Issues in Cosmology Cosmic Distance Scales Expansion of the Universe The Hubble Law The Age of the Universe Looking Back in Time The Fundamental Forces The Principle of Equivalence The Geometry of the Universe The Cosmological Principle Solutions of the Einstein Equations The Hot Big Bang The Cosmic Background Radiation Matter in the Universe Dark Matter A Mystery: Gamma-Ray Bursts Problems with the Big Bang The Inflationary Universe Growth of Large-Scale Structure The Planck Era Life in the Universe ASTRONOMY 161 LECTURES ASTRONOMY 162 TUTORIAL QUIZ Next Top Home 
 Adventure Auto Culture Entertainment Home Garden Money Science Tech Video Shows Quizzes Games Engineering Environmental Science Forces of Nature Innovation Life Science Military Physical Science Dictionary Science Vs. Myth Space Transportation Zoology Home Science Space Astronomy Stars More Stuff Like This 10 Science Experiments to Do in the Snow 10 Weirdest Sources for Antibiotics Puzzle: Shuttle Launch How Stars Work by Craig Freudenrich, Ph.D. 1 Introduction to How Stars Work 2 Stars and Their Properties 3 Temperature and Spectrum 4 Brightness, Luminosity and Radius Outer Space Image Gallery Photo courtesy of NASA The Milky Way Galaxy. See more pictures of outer space . It's a dark, clear, moonless night. You look up into the sky. You see thousands of stars arranged in patterns or constellations. The light from these stars has traveled great distances to reach Earth. But what are stars? How far away are they? Are they all the same? Are there other planets around them? Up Next How the Earth Works How Galaxies Work Curiosity Project: Astronomical Discoveries Made Without a Telescope In this article, we will look at the fascinating world of stars. We will examine the nature of stars, types of stars, how stars form and how stars die. If you have read How the Sun Works , you already know a lot about the nature of Earth's nearest star. As you read the following pages, you'll find out even more about what you can see in the night sky. Print Cite This! Close Please copy/paste the following text to properly cite this HowStuffWorks article: Citation & Date Feedback 1 Introduction to How Stars Work 2 Stars and Their Properties 3 Temperature and Spectrum 4 Brightness, Luminosity and Radius 5 Mass and Movement 6 The Life of a Star 7 The Death of a Star 8 Lots More Information More To Explore All Things Science 10 Incredible Wind Power Facts 10 Remarkable Exoplanets Fact or Fiction: Earthquakes Top 10 Things That Women Invented Strange, Spooky, Scary: The Supernatural Quiz Watch 100 Greatest Discoveries videos   You Might Also Like Mars Explained Mars, which is the fourth planet from the sun and the third smallest in size, got its name because of its rusty red color. People associated the planet's blood-red color with war, so they named it Mars, after the Roman god of war. What is astrophotography? If your idea of photographing the stars has nothing to do with Hollywood, you might be interested in astrophotography -- the sky's literally the limit. Popular Articles How Nomad Planets Work How did a meteor make hundreds of people sick? Hale Observatories Most Popular Most Watched Most Popular Most Watched Don't Miss Hard Science: Taking Science Experiments to the Extreme Explore the Stuff of Genius behind incredible inventions. Look into the future with Fw:Thinking. CHECK OUT OUR PODCASTS HOWSTUFFWORKS NEWSLETTER THE LATEST AND GREATEST SUBSCRIBE HOWSTUFFWORKS Adventure Auto Culture Entertainment Health Home Garden Lifestyle Money Science Tech MORE STUFF Blogs Games HSW Tools RSS Maps Podcasts Quizzes Newsletters Video OUR WEBSITES Animal Planet Animalist Animal Planet Live Destination America Discovery Channel Discovery Fit Health Discovery News FWThinking HSW Brazil HSW China Investigation Discovery Oprah Winfrey Network Revision3 Science Channel Velocity Stuff You Should Know Stuff to Blow Your Mind Stuff of Genius TLC Discovery Education Discovery Retreats Store CUSTOMER SERVICE Advertising Contact Us Help CORPORATE About Us Careers @ Discovery Privacy Policy Visitor Agreement TAKE US WITH YOU FOLLOW US 1998-2014 HowStuffWorks, Inc 
 Stars and Galaxies Audio Origin of the Universe Formation of Stars Life Cycle of the Stars Energy of Stars The Sun Nebulae Galaxies Some Remarkable Sights Telescope Home Page Copyright 1993 Bradford Technology Limited , Armagh Planetarium and Mayfield Consultants. Automatic HTML conversion by Mark J Cox 
 
 NOTICE TO OUR USERS http://www.usno.navy.mil https://oceanography.navy.mil here Features Home About History Instrument Shop Internal Page Projects Double Stars OBSS FAME FTS ICRF UCAC VLBI Catalogs Recommended AC2000 ACT CPC2 CPIRSS WDS Orbit Interferometric Delta M ERLcat NOMAD OID RORF RRFID TAC Tycho-2 UCAC2 VLBI Miscellaneous Astronomy Events Naval Meteorology and Oceanography Command U.S. Naval Observatory Home About History Instrument Shop Telescopes Astrometry Department of the U.S. Naval Observatory USNO United States Navy , the Department of Defense International Astronomical Union and this This is an Official U.S. Navy Web Site Need Help ? 
 Welcome! (All pages of this web site can be conveniently reviewed from The Main Menu) . Information on all 88 constellations --- the myths and the facts. A Binocular (and Naked Eye) Tour of the Stars. Drawn orbits of many binary stars. Star charts for all constellations. Finally, interesting items for study, such as binaries or variable stars, or deep sky objects. The Binocular (and Naked Eye) Tour of the Stars . The tour features over 300 views as seen through binoculars Broken Links and Errors Report All files associated with The Constellations Web Page are by Richard Dibon-Smith. 
 Home Deepsky Atlas The Astronews Links Solar System Hawaiian Astronomical Society Deepsky Atlas: Constellation List Deepsky Atlas Navigation Deepsky Home Search All Sky Maps Deepsky Listings Jay Wrathall's Messiers Deepsky Lists Messier Bennett SAC 110 Best Caldwell Additional The Constellations by Alphabet A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z The Constellations by Alphabet Andromeda -- Daughter of Cassiopeia Antlia -- It's a Gas, Gas, Gas Apus -- Footloose, but Colorful Aquarius -- Water Bearer Aquila -- Doing his Master's Bidding Ara -- Chiron's (Dionysius', Noah's) Altar Aries -- The Ram who lost Helle Auriga -- Tragic Charioteer, or Herdsman? Botes -- Hunter of his Mother, or Inventor of the Plough? Camelopardalis -- A Leopard Camel Cancer -- Unfortunate Crab Canes Venatici -- Botes' Hunting Dogs Canis Major -- One of Orion's Dogs Capricornus -- A Goat adapted for Swimming Carina -- Keel of Argo Navis Cassiopeia -- Mother of Andromeda Centaurus -- Chiron the Centaur Cepheus -- Father of Andromeda Cetus -- The Sea Monster of Ethiopia Chamaeleon -- Well Hidden Circinus -- A Compass (for drawing circles) Columba -- Bringing a sign of Peace Coma Berenices -- An Egyptian Queen's Hair Corona Australis -- Passion run Amok Corvus -- A Slow Crow Crux -- The Southern Cross Cygnus -- Orpheus, or Zeus on the Prowl? Delphinus -- Rescuer of Poetry Dorado -- What Hawaiians call the Mahi-mahi Draco -- The Dragon of many Stories Eridanus -- The River claimed by Everyone Fornax -- Death of an Element Gemini -- Famous Twins who weren't Quite Grus -- Observing the time of its Coming Hercules -- Half Mortal, Half God, Half Brained Horologium -- When Clocks became Useful Hydra -- Many Heads with one Thought Lacerta -- A Lizard Leo -- The Nemaean Lion Killed by Hercules Leo Minor -- Small Lion, Big Feet Lepus -- A Dead Bunny Rabbit Libra -- Grasping the Weight of Justice Lupus -- Centaur's Wineskin, Wolf, Panther, Baby killing King Lynx -- A kind of Cat Lyra -- The Lyre of Orpheus Monoceros -- The One Horned Musca -- A Fly demoted from a Bee Norma -- For all you Carpenters Ophiuchus -- A Healer too Good at his Craft Orion -- A Life of Sex and Violence Pavo -- the Eyes of a Giant Pegasus -- The Medusa's Perseus -- He never Looked her in the Eye Pisces -- A Goddess and her Son Escape a Monster Puppis -- Stern of Argo Navis Pyxis -- Compass of Argo Navis Reticulum -- From Geometric Shape to Reticle Sagitta -- Whose Arrow is it? Sagittarius -- A Centaur Archer Sculptor -- The Sculptor's Workshop Scorpius -- The Scorpion who Killed Orion Scutum -- The Shield of a Polish King Serpens -- A Medical Symbol Sextans -- Navigation before GPS Taurus -- Sex Consummated, Sex Denied Triangulum -- A Triangle Telescopium -- Is Shorter Better? Triangulum Australe -- Another Carpenters' Tool Tucana -- A Toucan Ursa Major -- Demonstrating how People Change Vela -- Sails of Argo Navis Virgo -- Death or Life, It's all in the Family Vulpecula -- A Fox nabs a Goose please (link requires javascript). Return to Deepsky Atlas home page Return to HAS home page 
 NASA JPL Home California Institute of Technology JPL Home Earth Solar System Stars Galaxies Science Tech JPL Email News RSS Mobile Video Home Overview Fast Facts Missions News Images Video Audio Interactivew Downloads HOME ARTWORK TEXTURE MAPS MODELS KUDOS FAQ Thumbnail Body Click to download Data Source Creator Owner Horiz. Size Vert. Size Resol. (pix/deg) 2.9M tif 250k tif 670k tif 150k tif 110k tif 44k tif PRIVACY IMAGE POLICY FEEDBACK 
 
 For a better experience on your device, try our mobile site . Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC navigation News Sport Weather Capital Future Shop TV Radio More Search term: Stars Science Space Universe Sights Stars Stars Stars form when clumps of interstellar gas and dust collapse in on themselves and drive up internal temperatures and pressures. At a critical stage, nuclear fusion reactions begin and release vast amounts of energy. Atoms of a star's main fuel, hydrogen, fuse together in the core to form helium. A sequence of fusion reactions at different stages of a massive star's life and eventual supernova death produces all the natural elements. As successive generations of stars have burned out and exploded as supernovae, the elements have been spread around the Universe to form planets and all living things. Image: Proxima Centauri, the nearest star to the Sun (credit: NASA/CXC/SAO) Watch TV clips [28] Radio Programmes [1] Fusion reactions power suns across the Universe. Get to know the Plough, Cassiopeia and Perseus constellations. Tour the stars in Orion, The Hunter, a prominent winter constellation. Prof Brian Cox studies the colour of stars to understand how the Universe began. Prof Brian Cox demonstrates gravity’s force on other planets. How do we know what the Universe is made of? Listen now 45 mins Melvyn Bragg and guests discuss the life cycle of stars. About Stars A star is a massive, luminous sphere of plasma held together by its own gravity. The nearest star to Earth is the Sun, which is the source of most of the planet's energy. Some other stars are visible from Earth during the night, appearing as a multitude of fixed luminous points due to their immense distance. Historically, the most prominent stars were grouped into constellations and asterisms, and the brightest stars gained proper names. Extensive catalogues of stars have been assembled by astronomers, which provide standardized star designations. For at least a portion of its life, a star shines due to thermonuclear fusion of hydrogen into helium in its core, releasing energy that traverses the star's interior and then radiates into outer space. Once the hydrogen in the core of a star is nearly exhausted, almost all naturally occurring elements heavier than helium are created by stellar nucleosynthesis during the star's lifetime and, for some stars, by supernova nucleosynthesis when it explodes. Near the end of its life, a star can also contain degenerate matter. Astronomers can determine the mass, age, metallicity (chemical composition), and many other properties of a star by observing its motion through space, luminosity, and spectrum respectively. The total mass of a star is the principal determinant of its evolution and eventual fate. Other characteristics of a star, including diameter and temperature, change over its life, while the star's environment affects its rotation and movement. A plot of the temperature of many stars against their luminosities, known as a HertzsprungRussell diagram (HR diagram), allows the age and evolutionary state of a star to be determined. A star's life begins with the gravitational collapse of a gaseous nebula of material composed primarily of hydrogen, along with helium and trace amounts of heavier elements. Once the stellar core is sufficiently dense, hydrogen becomes steadily converted into helium through nuclear fusion, releasing energy in the process. The remainder of the star's interior carries energy away from the core through a combination of radiative and convective processes. The star's internal pressure prevents it from collapsing further under its own gravity. Once the hydrogen fuel at the core is exhausted, a star with at least 0.4 times the mass of the Sun expands to become a red giant, in some cases fusing heavier elements at the core or in shells around the core. The star then evolves into a degenerate form, recycling a portion of its matter into the interstellar environment, where it will contribute to the formation of a new generation of stars with a higher proportion of heavy elements. Meanwhile, the core becomes a stellar remnant: a white dwarf, a neutron star, or (if it is sufficiently massive) a black hole. Binary and multi-star systems consist of two or more stars that are gravitationally bound, and generally move around each other in stable orbits. When two such stars have a relatively close orbit, their gravitational interaction can have a significant impact on their evolution. Stars can form part of a much larger gravitationally bound structure, such as a star cluster or a galaxy. Read more at Wikipedia Wikipedia edit this article at Wikipedia Continue your journey Observed with Kitt Peak National Observatory William Herschel Telescope Mount Wilson Observatory UKIRT Jodrell Bank Observatory Compton Gamma Ray Observatory Telescopes Chandra X-ray Observatory Swift mission Leviathan of Parsonstown Australian Astronomical Observatory Herschel Space Observatory Very Large Telescope (VLT) Kepler Mission Hubble Space Telescope The Keck Observatory Spitzer Space Telescope Studied with Spectroscopy Studied by Geoffrey Marcy Edwin Hubble Vera Rubin Bernard Lovell Fred Hoyle Jocelyn Bell Burnell Examples Eta Carinae The Pleiades 51 Pegasi Polaris Created in Nebulae Contained in Galaxies Elsewhere on the web NASA World Book: Star Astronomy Picture of the Day: Proxima Centauri: The closest star Astronomy Picture of the Day: Brown Sun bubbling BBC links Mobile site Terms of Use About the BBC Advertise With Us Privacy Accessibility Help Ad Choices Cookies Contact the BBC Parental Guidance BBC 2014 The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read more. This page is best viewed in an up-to-date web browser with style sheets (CSS) enabled. While you will be able to view the content of this page in your current browser, you will not be able to get the full visual experience. Please consider upgrading your browser software or enabling style sheets (CSS) if you are able to do so. 
 
 Home | Astrolinks Bookstore RIGHT X-Ray binary star Image of Sirius in X-Ray light. Field Description Units constellation mag % mag Home / Index 
 Plasma Recombination Lasers in Stellar Atmospheres Y.P. Varshni and J. Talbot Summary Introduction to the Physics of Quasars Alternative Explanation for the Spectral Lines Observed in Quasars Oxygen VI and Helium II lines in the Spectra of Quasars Helium II Helium I Quasar 0420-388 Quasar 0237-233 Proper Motions and Distances of Quasars Quasar Ton 202 as a star On the Largest Angular Size-Redshift Diagram for Quasars Chance Coincidences in the Absorption-Line Spectrum of 4C 05.34 2005 Publications Quasar Ton 202 as a star Peaks in Emission Lines in the Spectra of Quasars Common Absorption Lines in Two Quasars More papers ... Other topics ... Collisional-radiative plasma simulation equation used for laboratory plasma recombination laser optimization. Comments Your suggestion is thought provoking and will certainly stimulate the discussion on the nature of these objects. - Oct 19, 1973 comment by the late Dr. Bengt Edlen , recipient of the 1968 Henry Draper Medal - Oct 30, 1973 comment by the late Dr. Donald H. Menzel - 1983, comment by Geoffrey Burbidge , Director of Kitt Peak National Observatory from 1978 to 1984. 4 megabyte MP3 Contact About Us News . This page updated May 14, 2006 
 Search all of HubbleSite HOME NEWSCENTER GALLERY HUBBLE DISCOVERIES HUBBLE TELESCOPE EXPLORE ASTRONOMY EDUCATION MUSEUMS REFERENCE DESK THE FUTURE: WEBB TELESCOPE Search News Releases NewsCenter News Release Archive Entire Collection Cosmology Exotic Galaxy Cluster Dwarf Elliptical Interacting Irregular Magellanic Cloud Milky Way Milky Way Center Quasar/Active Nucleus Spiral Miscellaneous Nebula Solar System Star Star Cluster Survey More Browse Options Press Resources Stay Connected News Release Policy Scientist News Release Submission Form News Releases 1-10 of 68 10 20 50 100 All 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1 |        2 3 4 5 Next page 2013    8/22/2013 STScI-2013-32 1. Hubble Takes Movies of Space Slinky More 8/8/2013 STScI-2013-27 2. Hubble Finds Source of Magellanic Stream More 2/5/2013 STScI-2013-06 3. Amateur and Professional Astronomers Team Up to Create a Cosmological Masterpiece More 2012    11/29/2012 STScI-2012-47 4. A Multi-Wavelength View of Radio Galaxy Hercules A More 6/19/2012 STScI-2012-27 5. Most Quasars Live on Snacks, Not Large Meals More 3/15/2012 STScI-2012-14 6. Astronomers Using NASA's Hubble Discover Quasars Acting as Gravitational Lenses More 2011    11/17/2011 STScI-2011-37 7. NASA's Hubble Confirms that Galaxies Are the Ultimate Recyclers More 9/29/2011 STScI-2011-28 8. Space Telescopes Reveal Secrets of Turbulent Black Hole More 6/16/2011 STScI-2011-18 9. Firestorm of Star Birth in the Active Galaxy Centaurus A More 1/10/2011 STScI-2011-01 10. Hubble Zooms in on a Space Oddity More 10 20 50 100 All 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1 |        2 3 4 5 Next page search | site map | reference desk | mobile | about us | contact us | copyright 
 http://osservareilcielo.altervista.org/spetring.htm 
 Dark Stars, Black Holes, Bright Galaxies "Hearts of Darkness" Galaxies 9 Dark Stars, Black Holes An artist's impression of a supernova, the explosion of a star. Active Galaxies and Central Energy Sources Supermassive objects or black holes? A matter of perspective? The Unified Model Nearby Monsters NGC 4261 - A large, dusty disk 8 Messier 87 - revisited A Mini-Monster in our backyard! * * Where to now? 7 -4 -4 to 10 -1 Astronomy on the World Wide Web www.stsci.edu www.nrao.edu/doc/vla/html/VLAhome.shtml www.rsnz.govt.nz/ctees/astrospace/ www.seds.org www.carterobs.ac.nz Further Reading Acknowledgements Web Figure References Author Acronyms Glossary Accretion Disk Black Hole Gravitational Waves Hz Neutron Star 15 Quantum Theory Singularity Supermassive black hole (SBH) Supernova Thermonuclear Burning 7 White Dwarf Last text update 30-Mar.-2000 
