 Latest Tech News – on the air since 1996 – is a 3-hour radio program (as well as many ITTV Video More Most Recent Show Notes For our show notes, guest photos, audio, and links from last week's broadcast, check out our most recent show page for the Watch Our Latest ITTV Video We're using our mobile phones for more and more these days. Many people are even using them to get into their homes. In this week's Product Spotlight, we're taking a look at one device that can turn your iPhone into your house key. Also, Chris reminds us of some of yesterday's great tech milestones in This Week in Tech History. Translating Tech-To-English ... Into Tomorrow Join us as we answer your tech questions. Don't forget our Ask Dave Hotline is open 24/7! Call us ... toll-free 1-800-899-INTO (4686) ... with any consumer electronics question, opinion, help another listener or tell us what your favorite app is and why. You can also participate via our FREE Into Tomorrow App (iOS/Android/Intel AppUp). Guests include: Erin J. Morgart , CEO Erin J. Morgart Enterprises Mark Weinstein , CEO Sgrouples Amit Manna , Co-Founder COO Fashioholic Also featuring: Consumer Reports Feature – Are Bose noise-canceling headphones overpriced? That's what Consumer Reports wanted to find out when they put them to test and compared them with lower-priced models. Senior Electronics Editor Jim Willcox is here to tell us what they found. Wireless Update from Verizon Wireless This Week In Tech History with Chris Graveline Into Gaming Feature with Mark Lautenschlager IFA Weekly Update Ask Dave Hotline – Anytime 24/7 . Call toll-free 1-800-899-INTO (4686). You can also send an email to AskDave@graveline.com When you hear your call on the show, you qualify to win some of these prizes : Bits Limited: Mini Squids -- Travel-Sized surge protected power strips Datawind: UBISLATE 7Ci, 7 Android tablet with Wi-Fi, internal microphone and camera, and expandable MicroSD memory. PURE: Jongo Wireless Adapters -- Allows you to stream all your music wirelessly to your home audio system. Into Tomorrow: Microfiber Screen Cleaning Cloths with Daves cartoon on them, for all your smartphones, tablets, TVs, camera lenses and computer screens! Magellans: RFID-blocking Ridged Aluminum Wallet prevents identity theft with expandable pockets that can hold up to 12 credits cards as well as cash and receipts Stay Connected ... “Into Tomorrow” Here: Search Looking for something? Search our entire site! Subscribe For the latest on our show, tech tips, hints and news get our FREE weekly TechNewsLetter. And win additional prizes that only our newsletter subscribers qualify for! We keep your e-mail address private! Our Most Recent Broadcast Audio Listen to our most recent 3 hour show! Click on the red play button to start the stream. Hour 1: Hour 2: Hour 3: To hear our 24/7 stream, click here . Amazon.com Widgets Home | Listen Now | Dave's Top Ten | Past Shows | About Dave Graveline | About Into Tomorrow | Sponsors Product Spotlights | Affiliate Radio Stations | Contact Us | Listener Survey - Submit Win | Work With Us FREE Podcasts | Support Our Troops | Ads-On-Hold for your Business Web Toolbar by Wibiya 
