 Log in Log in to FireworksLand Username * Password * Create an account Classifications of Fireworks in the United States This page has 3 sections: (1) A basic summary of the legal classifications of fireworks in the United States. (Other countries have their own classification systems.) (2) A link to summaries of the state fireworks laws of the individual states of the U.S. And (3) a summary of U.S. federal specifications for consumer fireworks. If you need the full details of the federal regulations, you can buy electronic copies of them at the APA web site Contents of this page are Copyright © Bob Weaver. For a list of types of fireworks go here . Class: Large, professional fireworks Small, consumer fireworks Old name: Special Fireworks Common Fireworks Old explosives class: Class B Class C United Nations shipping category: UN0335 UN0336 New name in United States: 1.3G Fireworks or Display Fireworks 1.4G Fireworks or Consumer Fireworks An exception to the table above involves a recent change to the classification of Display Fireworks. Aerial shells that are 8 inches or larger in diameter are now classified as 1.1G instead of 1.3G. That means different transportation and storage requirements for those. You will probably still hear people say "Class C fireworks," as it is still commonly used, but it is now an obsolete term. Now, though, it is more correct to say "consumer fireworks" or "1.4 G fireworks." For the large professional fireworks used in public displays, call them "display Fireworks" or "1.3G fireworks" and you will be correct. The "1.3" and "1.4" are Hazard Divisions in the explosives Class 1, and the "G" is the Compatability Group, which can range from A through L or N through S. The large professional fireworks are in the 1.3 hazard division, while the smaller consumer fireworks are in the 1.4 hazard division. The "G" is not an abbreviation for any word. It does not stand for "grams." It's the Compatibility Group that includes fireworks. If you want more information about it than this, you will have to dive into the "UN Transport of Dangerous Goods - Model Regulations 14 Ed., on Class 1 Explosives."  These designations In the United States, anyone who buys, sells, possesses, transports or uses 1.3G display fireworks must have the proper permit from the ATFE (Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives), and usually a state pyrotechnic operator's license and a local permit as well. What determines whether a particular firework is 1.3G or 1.4G? In the United States, the exact specifications which divide 1.3G fireworks from 1.4G fireworks are found in these sections of the U.S. Code of Federal Regulations: 49 CFR 173.56, 27 CFR 55, and 16 CFR 1507, if you want to spend the time digging around. You can dig here . If a particular item The actual specifications for 1.4G consumer fireworks are contained within a rarely-seen document called APA Standard 87-1, which is maintained and published by the American Pyrotechnics Association. The federal laws simply reference that document, with regards to the actual limits on size, powder content and chemical restrictions. More information on those limits is further down on this page. "Safe and Sane" is a term used in some states of the U.S. to indicate a subset of Consumer Fireworks that can be sold in that state. For a more detailed explanation of "Safe and Sane", go to this page of my web site. "Toy Trick Noisemakers" is yet another sub-category, possibly defined by the U.S. Department of Transportation, and by some states, to include such items as caps, party poppers and snappers. They are generally not considered "fireworks" and are sold almost everywhere in the U.S. "Toy Smoke Devices" is another sub-classification by some states, in which items that produce smoke only are not considered "fireworks" and are thus legal to sell in some states that don't allow other "fireworks" to be sold. State regulations Individual states of the U.S. are allowed to pass laws that are more restrictive than the U.S. federal laws regarding consumer fireworks. For example, a state is allowed to ban the sale and use of consumer fireworks completely, or restrict the types that can be sold or used in that state. The various state laws change from time to time, so no definitive list is offered on this page. To get the most current information on a particular state, click this to go to the American Pyrotechnic Association's State Law Directory, click on the state you are interested in, and download the PDF file, which will have a summary of that state's laws. The PDF file is only a summary, with the basic facts about that state. If you need the full details of that state's fireworks laws, contact the office of the State Fire Marshal of that state. Most states also allow Specifications for Consumer Fireworks (1.4G) in the United States The regulations shown below APA Standard 87-1 the APA web site . American Fireworks Standards Laboratory A summary the federal regulations Is listed below. This is not all there is to it. There are additional specifications for the physical design and construction of the various types of fireworks, but I don't have that information. There are also transportation and storage regulations. I can't say for sure how accurate or current the information below is, as I have not researched it in several years. If you need more accurate or up-to-date information than what is shown here, I would suggest contacting the American Pyrotechnic Association Composition limits for 1.4G fireworks Type of device Composition limit Fountains, Cone-type 50 grams Fountains, Cylindrical 75 grams 20 grams Helicopters 20 grams Roman Candles 20 grams 60 grams 60 grams per shell Wheels 60 grams per driver Ground Spinners 20 grams Toy Smoke Devices 100 grams Wire sparklers 100 grams Chemicals alllowed in 1.4G fireworks Chemicalallowed Typicaluse Aluminum Fuel Ammonium Perchlorate Oxygen Donor Antimony Fuel Antimony Sulfide Fuel Barium Carbonate Neutralizer Barium Nitrate Oxygen Donor Barium Sulfate Oxygen Donor Bismuth Oxide Oxygen Donor Boric Acid Neutralizer Calcium Carbonate Neutralizer Calcium Sulfate Oxygen Donor Carbon or Charcoal Fuel Copper Metal Color Agent Copper Oxide Oxygen Donor, Color Agent Dextrine Fuel/Binder Hexamethylenenetetramine (Hexamine) Fuel Fuel Iron Oxide Oxygen Donor Fuel Magnesium Carbonate Neutralizer Magnesium Sulfate Oxygen Donor Nitrocellulose based lacquers Binder Fuel Potassium or Sodium Benzoate Whistle Oxygen Donor Oxygen Donor Potassium Hydrogen Phthalate Whistle Potassium Nitrate Oxygen Donor Potassium Perchlorate Oxygen Donor Potassium Sulfate Oxygen Donor Silicon Fuel Neutralizer Sodium Nitrate Oxygen Donor Sodium Salicylate Whistle Color Agent Sodium Sulfate Oxygen Donor Strontium Carbonate Color Agent Strontium Nitrate Oxygen Donor Color Agent Strontium Sulfate Oxygen Donor Sulfur Fuel Fuel Miscellaneous compounds allowed Arsenic sulfide, arsenates, or arsenites are prohibited Boron is prohibited Chlorates are prohibited, except: Gallates or gallic acid are prohibited Lead Magnesium Mercury salts are prohibited Phosphorus Picrates or picric acid are prohibited Thiocyanates are prohibited Titanium Zirconium is prohibited Copyright © Bob Weaver. All rights reserved. Click this now! You are here: Home Freebies Library Classifications Laws Text Size Back to Top 
