 News PODCasts of previous webcasts are now available. Click here to order! View Upcoming Events Calendar Certification application format change: The SAVE Certification Board now requires that all VMP and CVS (initial and recertification) documentation and Module I and Module II course documentation be submitted in PDF format only . SAVE will no longer accept certification application packages in paper or other digital formats. If applying online, the file upload limit is 10 MB. If your application package exceeds 10 MB, then please mail four CDs to SAVE. VDI Value Management Practice 2014 Conference , April 1-2, Dormero Hotel Stuttgart, Germany. Download the event program and registration form . 5th Gulf Chapter VE Conference will be held on May 14-15, 2014, in Jubail, Saudi Arabia. 16-20 presentations will include speakers from the USA, Japan, South Korea, Malaysia, and Europe. More information forthcoming. CVS Forum Report: Download the English language summary of the CVS Forum held at the 2014 Asian VE Conference in Tokyo, Japan. Discussion topics include what can be done with VE, improving social value, and hidden strengths of VE. The SAVE Value Summit 2014 will be held June 22-26, 2014. More information The U.S. Patent Trade Office has registered trademarks for CVS and Certified Value Specialist. They should always be used with statutory notice of registration. The mark certifies that the services are provided by persons who have demonstrated a particular level of competency in the field of multidisciplinary, function-focused value improvement process services by having met certain educational and experiential standards set by SAVE International. Do you prefer to read from the printed page? Order print-on-demand copies of the SAVE 2013 Conference Proceedings from Curran Associates, Inc. or call (845) 758-0400. Welcome To In an age of increasing competition for financial resources, innovation and improved value are needed across all industries and levels of government. SAVE International is the premier international society devoted to the advancement and promotion of the value methodology (also called value engineering, value analysis, or value management). Value methodology is used in government and the design, construction, and manufacturing industries to optimize projects, business and manufacturing processes, and product development. Benefits include decreasing costs, increasing profits, improving quality and performance, and enhancing customer satisfaction. SAVE International offers member services such as education and training, publications, tools for promoting the value methodology, certification, networking, and recognition. Follow us on Twitter Join SAVE International What Is Value Engineering? SAVE Value Network with leading value practitioners from around the world while learning cutting edge innovations and techniques. Registration will open February 1, 2013. Summit Details Call For Abstacts/Workshops Sponsors Exhibitors Storyboard Competition Find A VM The value consultants listed in this directory belong to SAVE International and can lead studies or train others in VM techniques. Search the Directory Advertise in the Directory Home About Value Engineering Conference Find A VM Professional Education Training Join Contact Member Login-In 2014 SAVE International Website Design & Development by Martin Solutions Group 
