 wpostServer: http://css.washingtonpost.com/wpost Real Estate Rentals Cars Today's Paper Going Out Guide FindSave Home Repairs Home PostTV In PostTV Politics In Politics Congress Courts Law The Fed Page Health Care Polling White House GovBeat Md. Politics Va. Politics D.C. Politics Blogs & Columns At Howard, Sen. Tim Scott asks students to consider GOP Post Politics | Wesley Lowery How Wuthering Heights explains the Obama-Boehner relationship The Fix | Jaime Fuller Sharing qualitative data: the launch of the Qualitative Data Repository The Monkey Cage | Colin Elman and Diana Kapiszewski Dems unveil down-ballot field program GovBeat | Reid Wilson Union: Obamas proposed fed-pay raise is pitiful amount The Federal Eye | Josh Hicks Opinions In Opinions Telnaes Animations The Posts View Letters to the Editor Local Opinions Columnist Index Featured Blogs Worst possible shadow on Merkel picture ComPost | Alexandra Petri Dems ramp up pressure on minimum wage The Plum Line | Greg Sargent Chuck Hagels budget priority: Defend the country PostPartisan | David Ignatius Obama is letting Afghanistan slip away Right Turn | Jennifer Rubin Local In Local Blogs & Columns More snow, more mid-winter cold into Wednesday Capital Weather Gang | Jason Samenow Poppabox: Bibimbap and waffles in Foggy Bottom Going Out Guide | Maura Judkis Maryland residents owe millions in unpaid fine to D.C.s DMV Dr. Gridlock | Lori Aratani Sports In Sports Blogs & Columns Ovechkin on Olympic disappointment: I have to handle it Capitals Insider | Katie Carrera PSL: Nene, Ovechkin, Orakpo and the Nats DC Sports Bog | Mitch Rubin Mailbag: Roster needs, draft evals, injury updates and more The Insider | Mike Jones Ryan Zimmerman works out at first base for the first time Nationals Journal | James Wagner National In National Investigations Know More Corrections Blogs & Columns What Silicon Valley doesnt understand Innovations | Vivek Wadhwa Recline, dont Lean In (Why I hate Sheryl Sandberg) She The People | Rosa Brooks The FTCs unfairness Consent Decree with Apple Volokh Conspiracy | Todd Zywicki It baffles our mind too. Jordan Daviss mother speaks about the Michael Dunn trial Post Nation | Mark Berman World In World Columns Blogs Blogs & Columns Two charts show Venezuelas economic mess WorldViews | Adam Taylor Xi Jinping skips the mask for walk on smoggy Beijing streets WorldViews | Adam Taylor The most surprising thing at Yanukovychs estate? There wasnt that much gold. WorldViews | William Booth Russia is getting angry about Soviet statues WorldViews | Adam Taylor Business In Business Industries Markets Capital Business Blogs & Columns When paying off debt, gain strength by starting small The Color of Money | Michelle Singletary McConnell kills tax reform Wonkblog | Lori Montgomery Leadership skills for the year 2030 On Leadership | Jena McGregor Tech In Technology Blogs & Columns Pebble Steel: An a-ha moment for wearables. Almost. Hayley Tsukayama Furious Democrats denounce GOPs last-minute move to weaken phone unlocking bill The Switch | Brian Fung Everything you need to know about the latest Bitcoin crisis The Switch | Andrea Peterson Is the troubled Bitcoin exchange Mt. Gox about to be bought out? The Switch | Brian Fung Lifestyle In Lifestyle Blogs & Columns Over 60 years, women have made steady progress with National Book Awards The Style Blog | Ron Charles Ben Bernanke trades suits for business-casual The Reliable Source | Emily Heil Entertainment In Entertainment Books Going Out Guide Movies Blogs & Columns Is the Pearls Before Swine creator getting divorced?... Comic Riffs | Michael Cavna Poppabox: Bibimbap and waffles in Foggy Bottom Going Out Guide | Maura Judkis Jobs In Jobs More Classifieds Cars Deals Real Estate Rentals Photos Blogs Discussions FindSave Obituaries Archives Topics WP Wine Club WP BrandConnect Technology Pakistan plans operation targeting Taliban Dingells wife to run for his seat Lifestyles of the mighty and deposed VIDEO | How true is ? In the News Debbie Dingell Rand Paul Ted Nugent Sheryl Sandberg NFL ban Is the troubled Bitcoin exchange Mt. Gox about to be bought out? The services Web site, though blank, is hinting at an acquisition. Live The Switch blog What the Netflix-Comcast deal means for you Recommend Email Personal Post Netflix will pay the country's largest home Internet carrier to make sure its online videos are streamed smoothly. The Post's Brian Fung explains how the deal could affect your Web experience. More Technology News The Switch Furious Democrats denounce GOPs last-minute move to weaken phone unlocking bill Rep. Bob Goodlatte is trying to push through a controversial change using hardball tactics. Major bitcoin exchange is insolvent, companies say A major bitcoin exchange has gone bust after secretly racking up catastrophic losses a potentially fatal blow for this new form of money. Pebble Steel: An a-ha moment for wearables. Almost. Pebbles latest smartwatch comes close to proving that wearables will work. But not quite. The Switch Everything you need to know about the latest Bitcoin crisis Your questions about the apparent collapse of Mt. Gox answered. Innovations What Silicon Valley doesnt understand Controversy at eBay highlights the tech sectors inability to follow good standards of corporate governance. The Switch Nobody knows what Netflix is actually paying Comcast. Thats a problem. Will the Netflix-Comcast deal result in higher bills for consumers? The fact that you have to guess is unsettling in its own right. Innovations Why Google should be afraid of its smartwatch Charging $300 for a simple stock ticker on the wrist will only discourage interest in Google Glass. The Switch Switchboard: Bitcoin exchange Mt.Gox completely collapses Plus, how White House officials debated hacking Syria and inside the data that contributed to Netflixs TV redesign. Innovations A brush with German changed my name A write explains how a college class led her to abandon traditional capitalization. Samsung releases Galaxy S5, new wearables Smartphone maker touts practical improvements meant to solve everyday problems. Samsung focuses on broad appeal over innovation Firm looks to position itself as an everyman alternative to Apples iPhone with latest smartphone. Zuckerberg talks WhatsApp, Internet access for all Mark Zuckerberg is known for his long-term vision for Facebook and for bringing the Internet to billons of people around the world who are unconnected. Many new phones coming, but Samsung hogs limelight Sony unveiled a new waterproof phone that can take ultra-high-definition video. Nokia introduced three Android smartphones aimed at emerging markets. And Lenovo announced one with an all-glass exterior. Samsung, Sony, Nokia go big at mobile trade show The Mobile World Congress in Barcelona is in full swing, with several major phone announcements. The Switch How Republicans intend to close the tech talent gap Visitors to this years conservative conference, CPAC, will have access to technology training workshops. The Switch With Dingell out, the race to be the top Democrat on technology is wide open Rep. Anna Eshoo (D-Calif.) and Rep. Frank Pallone (D-N.J.) have already said they would like to be the next top liberal on the House Energy and Commerce Committee. WhatsApp to add voice to messaging service WhatsApps chief executive says the voice service will be deployed starting this spring. The Switch Sony is producing a movie about the 90s console war between Nintendo and Sega Scott Rudin, Seth Rogen, and Evan Goldberg are adapting the book Console Wars for the silver screen. Apples security bug: Update your systems now The problem left devices wide open to hackers looking to grab users most sensitive information. Innovations Giving public transit a better voice One artist wants to make the New York subway sound a lot better. The Switch Switchboard: ATs surveillance report doesnt mention 80 million NSA targets. Heres why. Apples security woes, more changes at the Bitcoin Foundation, and the other tech policy stories you need to read today. Innovations What Google wants from its employees Emergent leaders step up and lead when qualified but are comfortable in the background, too. Netflix strikes deal with Comcast for smoother streaming The online-video company will pay for direct access to the expanding Internet carriers network. The Switch Comcasts deal with Netflix makes network neutrality obsolete Netflix has agreed to pay Comcast to deliver traffic to Comcast subscribers. The Post Most: Business 1 House GOP tax plan would cut top rates but also hit high earners with a surtax 2 How the GOPs tax-cutting plan still hits the rich 3 Is the troubled Bitcoin exchange Mt. Gox about to be bought out? 4 Comcasts deal with Netflix makes network neutrality obsolete 5 Obama administration: Health laws new rules will increase costs for most small businesses from from from Post Newsletters Alerts Sign-up for e-mail newsletters and alerts and get the news you need delivered directly to your inbox. Local Business Alerts Economy Business News Alerts Technology News Alerts Capital Business Wonkbook Personal Finance TechNews Daily Report See all Washington Post Newsletters The Washington Post Subscribe PostTV Politics Opinions Local Sports National World Business Tech Lifestyle Entertainment Jobs More ways to get us Home delivery Digital Subscription Gift Subscription Mobile Apps Newsletter Alerts Washington Post Live Reprints Permissions Post Store e-Replica Archive RSS Facebook Twitter Contact Us Help Contact Info Reader Representative Digital Advertising Newspaper Advertising News Service & Syndicate About Us In the community Careers PostPoints Newspaper in Education Digital Publishing Guidelines Partners WP BrandConnect Capital Business Capitol Deal Express Fashion Washington Find Washington Post Master Class Parade Magazine Service Alley El Tiempo Latino Washington Post Wine Club washingtonpost.com 1996- The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices 
