 Home About us Contact us Research | Facilities | Services | Technical Reports | Conference notes | Training Online Journal | Monday Night Mail | Events Calendar | IFRF Members' Exchange | Toolbox IFRF News Highlights from Monday Night Mail of 24 February: Oxy-Coal TOTeM Poland, Warsaw June Registration open for TOTeM 40 "Biomass Gasification - an industrial approach" Gothenburg 8th and 9th April New article in Industrial Combustion read more Combustion Industry News Headlines from MNM of 24 February Global CCS Institute releases February status report US Supreme Court to review EPAs powers to set emissions rules CCS: Shand 6 MW Saskatchewantest facility attracting interest from research groups read more Search Use this link to seach the IFRF databases for Technical reports Combustion files Conference presentations Journal papers Fellow IFRF Members.... read more About Us IFRF isresearch and networking hub ofthe global combustion and energy community. We perform research, facilitate access to research capabilities and expertise worldwide, and disseminate information. Our mission is to advance applied combustion research and to promote cooperation and information transfer throughout the international combustion and energy arena. read more Connect with a worldwide network of End-users, designers and suppliers of fired heating equipment Process and system engineers and consultants Energy suppliers RD/technology developers Universities and research institutes through IFRF Membership. For organisations or independent individuals.... read more Test rig database Free resource! IFRF maintains a database of the principal combustion and biofuels research test rigs available across Europe. Browse the rigs by owner or search for a specific match to your research requirements.... read more Latest article Industrial Combustion Journal "The Extended Discrete Element Method (XDEM) Applied to Drying of a Packed Bed" Reconciling discrete solid phases with continuous fluid phases is a challenge for the numerical simulation of gas-solid systems. The paper presents an extension of the Discrete Element Method to include properties of the individual particles such as internal temperature. Authored byBernhard Peters et al., du Luxembourg. read more Contact The IFRF Exchange is a private and secure virtual community linking IFRF Members online. With your IFRF user name and password ready, you can browse the IFRF database of Member Organisations to identify and contact some 1000 individual experts active in the combustion field all over the world. read more Oxy-Combustion Biofuels Two EU co-funded special projects in which IFRF has partner status: RELCOM Reliable and Efficient Combustion of Oxygen/Coal/Recycled Flue Gas Mixtures BRISK Biofuels Research Infrastructure for Sharing Knowledge read more Useful Links Buy Probes Contact Us BRISK RELCOM IFRF Executive National Committees Password Reminder Documents Annual Report Facilities Brochure Membership Brochure Services Brochure TOTeMs explained IFRF Databases Current Reports Archived Reports Past Conferences Solid Fuel Database Combustion Files Members' Exchange Open Resources European Facilities database Monday Night Mail Industrial Combustion Journal Events Calendar Membership map Web Site Disclaimer | InterVisors | 
