 Reaction Research Society Established 1943 Search Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content Home Membership Forms Register Meetings Facilities Library RRS Newsletters Other RRS Articles Articles about the RRS Books Technical Articles History Founding Members Media Forum Calandar Contact us Post navigation Older posts The new website Posted on January 20, 2014 by Richard Garcia The new web site is finally online. It will work a little more like a blog with hopefully more regular updates. Im still working on a few things. We still need to have a PayPal account setup for the RRS so we can receive membership payments and donations online. Ill also be adding to the RRS library as I get new items. Some content will only be accessible by members, and if you are already a member of the RRS you can access member content from the web site. To do so you need to be registered as a member on the website. To do this you must first register as a Public User, on the registration page and then send an email to the web master at reactionresearchsociety@gmail.com. Put in the subject line and let us know youre a member and well change your registration to RRS Membership so you can access the member content. -Richard Garcia Posted in Uncategorized | Leave a reply December 7th 2013 Firing report Posted on December 27, 2013 by Richard Garcia The December 2013 Firing went well. It was attended by 8 members in addition to a group of students from USC RPL. Except for a few spots on the road right after the asphalt ends it was in pretty good shape. There were some light rain early in the day and strong winds persisted all day. This kicked around a lot of sand. And again Ill be dismantling my camera to remove all the sand. (At least the wind was kind enough not to shatter one of my car windows with a rock this time like it did last time.) The video quality suffered because of the winds. I had to film from inside the blockhouse and through the not so clear windows. There were 6 static firings for the day. Three where from the USC group. These tests where designed to test additives to their basic AP-Aluminum propellant formula. All three were fired successfully. (I only captured footage from the first and last test.) Chris Lujan, brought and static fired another one of his Potassium Nitrate/Sucrose Rocket motors, with some modifications from his previous designs. Unfortunately in exploded upon ignition. The casing was made of PVC and in disintegrated into pretty small pieces. The firing of my Gaseous oxygen and Propane rocket went well save for a few issues. The buzzing sound that can be heard in the video was being caused by the check valves. They didnt quite have enough flow to keep them fully open. Also debris from the ablative liner partly obstructed the nozzle canting the plume to one side. My second firing was another Potassium Nitrate/Sucrose rocket. This was a build of one of Richard Nakkas design (his website http://www.nakka-rocketry.net is a great resource for sugar based propellants) This time we mixed the propellant there at the MTA. Chris was really helpful with this and he showed us how to prepare the propellant. This propellant type rocket candy, while being one of the most widely used armature propellants, has never caught on strongly at the RRS. Our three Pyro-Ops who where there that day, (Jim Gross, and Richard and Maryann Butterfield) where keen to observe the process and be satisfied that the propellant could be safely made at the MTA. When we fired the rocket the bolts retaining the nozzle sheared clean off and the nozzle was launched upwards at high speeds. We couldnt find it afterwards. This happened because the bolts needed to be steel but when I originally put it together I forgot to check and used some bolts I happened to have laying around that turned out to be zinc and they could not stand the load. Mark Smith a USC alumni showed up with a solid propellant aerospike rocket motor with a molybdenum spike. He hopes to research ways of reducing erosion of aerospike. We didnt have time to get to his rocket, maybe next time. -Richard Garcia Posted in Firing Report | 1 Reply December 13th 2013 Meeting Report Posted on December 27, 2013 by Richard Garcia The December 13th 2013 meeting was attended by 6 members and 1 newcomer who had hear about the RRS through Space UP conference that I attended and went to promote the RRS. The election results were as follows: President: The next launch has been scheduled for the last weekend in January (the 25th) and will be finalized at the next meeting. The RRS has been contacted by a school interested in working with the RRS as a part of the STEM program. (Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics) John Mariano who does volunteer work at the California Science Center where they have the Space Shuttle Endeavor made the suggestion of starting a Science Center/RRS chapter of  Toastmasters as a networking and awareness opportunity between the RRS and people involved in aerospace or space exploration. The next meeting will be on January 10th. -Richard Garcia Posted in Meeting Report | Leave a reply Post navigation Older posts Search Register Login Recent Posts The new website December 7th 2013 Firing report December 13th 2013 Meeting Report November 8th 2013 Meeting Report RRS on National Geographics Meltdown Recent Comments Free Piano on December 7th 2013 Firing report Arthur Keneyd on April 27th 2013 Firing report Archives January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 February 2014 M T W T F S S Jan Mar 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 Follow Us! Proudly powered by WordPress 
