 iupsys Skip To Content Who We Are Mission What We Do Governance Membership Declarations Awards IUPsyS History Psychology Development Fund Archives and Documents News Contact Us Publications International Journal of Psychology Books Newsletter Bulletin Events International Congress of Psychology Regional Conferences Capacity Building Workshops Conference Calendar All About Psychology Psychology Resources Information for Policy Makers Information for the Media Information for Teachers Learners Impact Psychology's Response IUPsyS Impact Search Area Site Search Login Year End Message from President Saths Cooper Read More ICP 2016 Read More Report of the IUPsyS Capacity Building Workshop Read More New editor for the International Journal of Psychology Read More Audience Links Information for Policy Makers Information for the Media Information for Teachers Learners What We Do The International Union of Psychological Science (IUPsyS) works to promote the development, representation and advancement of psychology as a basic and applied science nationally, regionally, and internationally. The main activities of the IUPsyS focus on fostering the development of the science and practice of psychology. Read more. News New editor for the International Journal of Psychology    Publish Date: 05 Feb, 2014 Summary: We are delighted to announce the appointment of Professor Dr. Rainer K. Silbereisen as editor for the International Journal of Psychology (IJP) . You can learn more about the journal by watching Rainers Introductory Video-cast: Year End Message from President Saths Cooper    Publish Date: 06 Jan, 2014 Summary: Saths Cooper highlights the IUPsyS activities and impacts during 2013 in his year end message International Social Science Council    Publish Date: 17 Oct, 2013 Summary: IUPsyS President, Secretary-General and Treasurer attended the ISSC on 10-12 October 2013, Montreal, Canada. Read More 50th anniversary Psychological Association of the Philippines    Publish Date: 20 Aug, 2013 Summary: IUPsyS President Saths Cooper sends congratulations to the Psychological Association of the Philippines(PAP). The anniversary will be celebrated at the upcoming ARUPS 4th Congress and the PAP 50th Annual Convention. Read More IUPsyS - sponsored book published    Publish Date: 20 Aug, 2013 Summary: The Developmental Science of Adolescence: History Through Autobiography , edited by Richard M. Lerner, Anne C. Petersen, Rainer K. Silbereisen Jeanne Brooks-Gunny, with introduction by IUPsyS President Saths Cooper Read More More News RSS Feed News RSS Link Early View Journal Articles Brief Research Reports Published Online: 25 Feb 2014 Special Section Articles Published Online: 24 Feb 2014 Regular Empirical Articles Published Online: 17 Feb 2014 Published Online: 13 Feb 2014 Brief Research Reports Published Online: 11 Feb 2014 Special Section Articles Published Online: 27 Jan 2014 Regular Empirical Articles Published Online: 20 Jan 2014 Brief Research Reports Published Online: 20 Jan 2014 Regular Empirical Articles Published Online: 17 Jan 2014 All Early View Articles Follow Us Social Media Follow us on twitter Join us on facebook Global Resources Visit our Psychology Resources around the World Global Activities Go to our Conference Calendar The Latest Bulletin Read the latest bulletin Site Footer Quick Links: What We Do All About Psychology Congress 2016 Accessibility Cookies Privacy Policy Terms Conditions Contact Us Copyright Wiley 2013 Skip to Main Content UO home UO Index Home People Department Directory Faculty Instructors Faculty Emeritus Graduate Students Research Personnel Admin Personnel Undergraduates Admissions Advising Guidelines for Teaching and Learning Mission Statement Best Practices for Students Best Practices for Instructors Special Student Concerns Where to Get Help and Additional Information Honors Program Human Subjects Information Information for Transfer Students Psychology Practicum Undergraduate Handbook Psi Chi Graduate Programs Doctoral Program Application Procedures Requirements Individualized Masters Program Application Procedures Requirements Intellectual Communities Clinical Psychology Cognitive/Neuroscience Developmental Psychology Social/Personality Psychology Affiliated Facilities Interdisciplinary Collaborations Resources Course Syllabi and Office Hours Descriptions and Syllabi Office Hours Research Clinical Cognitive/Neuroscience Developmental Social/Personality Research Labs Research Institutes Faculty Resources Search this site: Front page Department Directory Clinic Undergraduate Program Graduate Programs Research Courses Events Contact Us Help Support Psychology! Calendars Psychology Department Move We've moved to 1715 Franklin Boulevard! (Click the title above for more information.) News Psychology Newsletter The latest edition of Psychology News is now available. Click on the above headline to read. NEW: Give Online or Visit us on Facebook! Psychology Department Move We've moved to 1715 Franklin Boulevard! (Click the title above for more information.) Department of Psychology | 1227 University of Oregon, Eugene OR 97403 | 1.541.346.4921 | Contact Us | Log In Skip to Main Content Skip to Navigation (accesskey n) Home Academic Programs Admissions Application Tuition & Fees Online Payments About Chairman's Message Contact External Links Blog Performance Fact Sheet Catalogue Online Campus Videos How to Log Into Campus Cruiser Evaluation Site Bureau of Private Postsecondary Education Loading Admission Process Application Payment About Us Ryokan College, An Education Leader Founded in 1978, Ryokan College is a private, nonprofit, coeducational institution of higher learning that offers Bachelor of Arts in Human Behavior, Master of Arts in Psychology or Counseling Psychology (for MFT licensure) and Doctor of Psychology in Clinical Psychology or in Marriage and Family Therapy (Psy.D.). Continuing Education Units (CEU) are also available. ćă Žćšă Żă ă Ąăă ¸ďź info@americakango.com Our Blog Find out whats happening inside Ryokan and our current events. Click on the link below to find out more about the current happenings. Take me there... Unique Education Approach Education for a special niche of students, offering affordable tuition, class schedules for working adults, and definite beginning and end dates. Take me there... Contact Us Have any questions regarding the academic courses or fee structure? Talk with us. Take me there... I chose Ryokan because it was convenient, flexible and affordable. I still work, have a family, take care of my aged mom, own a home, etc. The online classes work best for my busy lifestyle. Without their flexibility, I would not pursue this. Bob Kennedy, MS, MFT (current doctoral student) I had attended two California State Universities and received a Masterâs Degree from each before attending Ryokan College to acquire my doctorate in Clinical psychology. My second Masterâs Degree was from California State University at Dominguez Hillsâthe program was completely online and there was virtually no difference in the quality of education I received from an accredited California state university and Ryokan college. Dr. Jann Blackstone-Ford My experience at Ryokan from the initial interview through graduation was one of encouragement, motivation and compassion. I have referred others to Ryokan without hesitation knowing first hand that the school is always a part of my mind and I will always be grateful to Ryokan for giving me that chance. Honey Pietruszka, Psy. D. PSY Sitelinks Admission Academic Programs Tuition Fees Application Social Media Facebook Twitter Blog Address: admin@ryokan.edu We are located here Directories A-Z Index College of Letters Science Department of Psychology Information For Future Students Undergraduate Curriculum in Psychology Program Overview 2008-2010 Catalog Requirements B.S. in Psychology Psychology Minor (Non-Teaching) Courses Offered Scholarships Financial Aid Undergraduate Admissions Information for Transfer Students Graduate Program Overview Surrounding Area Application Process Financial Support Requirements Coursework Research Expectation Documents & Forms Graduate Student Handbook Choosing an Advisor Form Academic Goals Form MSU Online Catalog Division of Graduate Education Contact the Graduate Program Coordinator Peer Advising (new!) Current Students Undergraduate Curriculum in Psychology Program Overview 2008-2010 Catalog Requirements B.S. in Psychology Psychology Minor (Non-Teaching) Courses Offered Scholarships Financial Aid Graduate Program Overview Surrounding Area Financial Support Requirements Coursework Research Expectation Graduate Students Current Students Graduate Program Alumni Graduate Program Photo Album Seminar Schedule Documents & Forms Graduate Student Handbook Choosing an Advisor Form Academic Goals Form MSU Online Catalog Division of Graduate Education Contact the Graduate Program Coordinator Friends and Alumni Contribute to MSU Psychology About the Department People Faculty Adjunct Instructors & Affiliates Staff News Faculty News Current Student News Alumni Student News Seminars Seminar Schedule 2007-2010 Guest Speakers Grants & Publications Current Faculty Research Grants Journal Articles (Recent Examples) Books (Recent Examples) Book Chapters (Recent Examples) Research Labs Attention & Memory Lab Development of Mind & Emotions Lab Existential Processes Lab Memory & Aging Lab Motivation & Diversity Lab Neurobiology Lab Persuasian & Affect Lab Time & Memory Lab Weight Management Lab Visiting Sabbatical Information Faculty Genealogy Degrees Offered B.S. in Psychology Psychology Minor (Non-Teaching) M.S. in Psychology (Psychological Science) Links Experiment Participation Psi Chi Area Photos Yates Research Award Departmental Flyers Undergraduate Program Graduate Program Department of Psychology Montana State University Tel: (406) 994-3801 Department Chair Dr. Colleen Moore colleen.moore1@montana.edu Dept Administrative Associate Brenda Lewis psydept@montana.edu Welcome to the Department of Psychology at Montana State University! Vision Statement The Department of Psychology will provide a collaborative environment for innovation and scientific discovery in psychological science and for attainment of psychological literacy. Mission Statement The Department of Psychology strives: To support students and faculty in the exploration, discovery, and dissemination of new knowledge in psychological science. To provide a collaborative environment for faculty and students that fosters intellectual curiosity and in which research and teaching are closely integrated and highly valued. To graduate students who evidence psychological literacy and thereby prepare students for advanced study in psychology or related fields and for employment. Psychological literacy includes having a critical understanding of psychological concepts, theories and methods; applying psychological principles and methods to solving personal, interpersonal or social problems; understanding and fostering respect for diversity; and acting ethically. To serve the people and communities of Montana by sharing our psychological expertise and collaborating with others. To achieve this mission, we offer a Bachelor of Science (B.S.) degree and a two-year Master of Science (M.S.) degree in Psychological Science. Our undergraduate curriculum introduces students to core areas in psychology and emphasizes scientific theory, terminology, research methodology, and discovery and findings in psychological science. Through upper-division coursework and hands-on learning opportunities in research laboratories and field practicum experiences undergraduate students acquire psychological literacy. Our graduate curriculum focuses especially on advanced research training and offers graduate coursework, thesis credits, research colloquia, and individualized mentoring and prepares students for admission into a doctoral program or employment. Please contact us if you would like any additional information about our programs. Montana State University Accessibility Admissions Administration Contact List Jobs Legal Trademarks Privacy Policy Site Index Skip to Content Macquarie University Faculty of Human Sciences Macquarie Home | Course Handbook | Library | Campus Map | Macquarie Contacts Search this site Faculty of Human Sciences All Macquarie University search Student Portal | Staff | Online Units | E-Student Information About Faculty of Human Sciences Home Courses About Us News and Events Our Staff Centres & Services Student Support Research Contact Us Technical Support Links Frequently Asked Questions Information For Future Students Undergraduate Fourth Year Postgraduate Department of Psychology You are here: Macquarie Home Faculty of Human Sciences Department of Psychology Psychology Pyschology Courses Become a registered psychologist Undergraduate courses Postgraduate coursework Postgraduate research Pyschology Research Research centres Research labs Recent research News and Recent Research News Congratulations to Associate Professor Nickolai Titov 2013 Research Excellence Award Winner : Excellence in External Research Partnership and Commercialisation of Research IP Congratulations to Dr Viviana Wuthrich 2013 Research Excellence Award Winner : Early Career Researcher of the Year Social Sciences, Business Humanities Congratulations to Dr Heather Francis 2013 Research Excellence Award Winner : Excellence in Higher Degree Research Social Sciences, Business Humanities Recent research Social pressure and cross-cultural and interfaith dating and marriage Parent and teacher perspectives on child-teacher and peer relationships Evolutionary psychology and understanding individual differences Perceived speed varies as a function of relative line orientation Agency disruption in hypnosis Study with us Find a Course Find the course that bestsuits you. News & Events Student Support 2014 self-assessment form Options Day 2013 Download the audio file [mp3 14MB] What is iLecture? Manage your lecture schedule better Applying for postgraduate studies in 2013? Future Students information Faculty of Human Sciences Undergraduate Student Services Centre Location: Ground floor C3A; Open: Mon-Fri, 9am - 5pm; Contact : 9850 9898; https://ask.mq.edu.au/ Psychology Colloquium Series See the upcoming Colloquiums and Seminars . Explore Macquarie New Current Students Future Students International Students Alumni Faculties University Administration Research Learning Teaching News Events Job Opportunities Courses Important Dates Copyright Macquarie University | Privacy Statement | Accessibility Information 25 February, 2014 ABN 90 952 801 237 | CRICOS Provider No 00002J www.hanover.edu Apply To Hanover Request Information Psychology Department Home Department Faculty Classes Students Pictures Hanover Resources Faculty Classes Student Research Follow us on Facebook Email My Hanover Hanover College Psychology Department Welcome The Psychology Department offers both a major and a minor in psychology. Please use this page to explore what the department, specifically, and psychology, in general, has to offer. Department . Links about the Hanover Psychology Department including its history, aims and curriculum. Faculty . Links and information about current and past Psychology faculty. Classes . Hanovers current course offerings including links to sample syllabi. Students . Links for current and future psychology students. Hanover . Links to other important Hanover College resources. Resources . Links to other important Psychology resources. Loading Psychology Department Hanover College P.O.Box 108 Hanover, IN 47243 (812) 866-7316 krantzj@hanover.edu Home Faculty Classes Student Research Follow us on Facebook Email My Hanover Department Department Aims Major Outline of Major Minor Senior Thesis Comps Study Abroad Courses A history of the department Department Positions Faculty Departmental Research Research Student Research Follow us on Facebook  ++++++++++++++++++++ Search... UAB Quicklinks Home Prospective Students Academic Programs Faculty Staff Resources About Us Giving to Psychology Academic Programs Research Contact Us Employment Opportunities Department of Psychology Annual Report More Welcome to the Department of Psychology website at The University of Alabama at Birmingham (UAB)! We are pleased for you to visit our website and to learn more about our various academic offerings and other programs supported by this Department. The Department's undergraduate program is one of the largest majors at UAB. We have an excellent honors program for qualified students planning to further their education in graduate school. There are three graduate programs within the department: Medical Clinical Psychology , Lifespan Developmental Psychology , Behavioral Neuroscience . The range of faculty expertise and their research interests enhance the scope of these programs. There are also joint program opportunities such as the Ph.D./MPH program at www.soph.uab.edu/hcop . During their first year, graduate students are supported by a graduate school fellowship which provides a stipend plus waiver of tuition and fees. After the first year, students have access to a variety of funding opportunities to which they can apply, including teaching, research, and clinical assistantships, some of which may also offer tuition support. Students also have numerous opportunities for training in a variety of research and clinical clerkships which would provide exposure to different populations. The Psychology Department is a vibrant and well regarded department on campus. The Department has a long history of obtaining extramural research funding and has excellent research facilities. In addition, as part of the Universityâs emphasis on multidisciplinary centers, the Psychology Department encourages/supports collaboration with various departments and centers within the university including the Civitan International Research Center, the Civitan/Sparks Clinics, The Childrenâs Health System, The Comprehensive Cancer Center, the Center for Neuroscience, The McKnight Brain Institute, The Center for Community Health, The Center for Translational Science, The Center for Aging, and the School of Medicine. Our department is rich in campus collaborations such as with Childrenâs Hospital where the Pediatric CI Therapy Research and Clinic are located . Various large scale initiatives in existence include The Taub Therapy Clinic in collaboration with the UAB Hospital and Spain Rehabilitation, and expanded programs in autism with the well-established Civitan International Research Center . The Center for Research on Applied Gerontology is providing direction in health and behavioral psychology at UAB. Psychology is a highly interdisciplinary endeavor and this is reflected in the faculty's individual laboratories. Research in the department utilizes this diversity of endeavors to expand the growth of our research laboratories which are examples of a bold effort to cultivate and maintain an exciting environment of change that is challenging to our students and also to our faculty. Active research laboratories include the Youth Development Lab (Mrug), UAB Youth Safety Lab (Schwebel), UAB Translational Research for Injury Prevention (Stavrinos), Cognition, Brain, and Autism Lab (Kana), IMPACT Lab ( Integrative Models of Pain and Addiction for Comprehensive Therapeutics â Sorge), Biobehavioral Pain Research Laboratory (Goodin), and Social Science Research Lab (Turan). We are positioned at the forefront of institutions that can advance discoveries along the full continuum of translational scienceâfrom laboratories to clinics to public health and policy arenas. In closing, I hope that you find the information on this website informational and readily useful. Please feel free to contact us for further information. Karlene K. Ball, Ph.D. University Professor and Chairperson Department News Introduction to the Department of Psychology at UAB Accessibility | Disclaimer | UAB Web Pages Policy | Contact Us | ÂŠ Copyright I Website Development by Aeron Gault Follow Knox Admission Academics Student Life Athletics News Events About Current Students Faculty Staff Parents Alumni Offices Library Visit Knox Support Knox Academics -- Select a Program -- Africana Studies American Studies Anthropology and Sociology Architecture Art Art History Asian Studies Biochemistry Biology Business and Management Chemistry Chinese Classics College Honors Computer Science Creative Writing Dance Earth Science Economics Education Engineering English Literature Environmental Studies Film Studies Financial Mathematics First-Year Preceptorial Forestry French Gender and Women's Studies German History Integrated International Studies International Relations Japanese Journalism Latin American Studies Law Mathematics Medicine Modern Languages Music Neuroscience Nursing Occupational Therapy Optometry Peace Corps Preparatory Program Philosophy Physics Political Science Psychology Religious Studies Self-Designed Studies Social Service Spanish Sports Studies Theatre Psychology Student Research Faculty Resources and Facilities Internships and Study Abroad Requirements for the Major/Minor Course Descriptions Alumni and Careers Related Links Neuroscience Social Service Psychology Department Home Page Contact Heather Hoffmann Professor and Chair of Psychology 2 East South Street Galesburg, IL 61401-4999 309-341-7267 hhoffman@knox.edu Psychology Human memory, social psychology, clinical and abnormal psychology, child development, human sexuality, neuroscience, and organizational psychology -- these are just a few of the areas you'll have a chance to explore as a psychology major or minor. The Program Understanding the principles of the mind, the brain, and behavior will prepare you for your next step after Knox -- whether youre entering graduate school in psychology or pursuing a career in psychiatry, counseling, business, law, or education. Student Research What can we understand about people from the style of their e-mail messages? Do violent lyrics in heavy metal music increase aggression in males? Research will deepen your learning experience, broaden your perspectives, and prepare you for grad school or your career. Faculty Whether it's co-authoring a publication, participating in a dreaming class campout, or attending a professional conference, your experience as a student means collaborating with faculty both inside and outside the classroom. Resources and Facilities You'll have access to a number of resources -- like our space for biofeedback research and brain activity measurement, fully equipped labs for animal research, and a room where you can observe adults or children through one-way mirrors. Internships and Study Abroad Our students have served the Galesburg school district with their school psychology and social work needs, helped destitute women at a residential home in India, and taken specialized classes in neuroscience at the University of Aberdeen. Youll be able to gain real world experience through internships, Clinical Term, and study abroad opportunities. Requirements for the Major/Minor Youll have freedom to select classes that interest you the most. Check out our course descriptions to see the variety of classes offered. Alumni and Careers Our alumni choose a variety of paths -- from grad school in psychology to careers in family therapy, crisis counseling, law, education, human resources, marketing, and more. By the numbers... Nationally, Knox is in the 93rd percentile in the relative production of psychology doctorate earners among all institution types. ( Baccalaureate-origins of U.S. Research Doctorate Recipients , Higher Education Data Sharing Consortium) When asked about their overall level of satisfaction with our psychology program and major, psychology alumni reported an average rating of 5.46 on a 6-point scale -- with 6 being excellent and 1 being very poor. (Knox Alumni Survey) Apply Now Upcoming Events Follow Knox Admission Apply to Knox Scholarships Cost and Financial Aid Why Knox FAQs Visit Knox Virtual Tour Meet the Admission Staff Knox on the Road Opportunity Knox What Experts Say About Knox Academics Majors Minors Distinctive Programs Student Research Creative Work Study Abroad Off-Campus Programs Internships Faculty Resources for Learning College Catalog Academic Calendar Academic Facilities Life Beyond Knox News Events About Knox Fast Facts We Are Knox Welcome to Galesburg Getting to Knox Student Life Clubs Organizations Tour the Residences Dining Services Offices Services Directories Contact Knox College 2 East South Street Galesburg, Illinois 61401-4999, USA Alumni Friends Employment Emergency Information Sustainability RSS Feeds E-mail This Page Link: Your Name: *Your E-mail Address: Message: Â  Web Tools Search for: Bobcat Mail Pay Tuition Catsweb Maps Library TRACS About Texas State Library Maps Round Rock College of Liberal Arts Overview Chair's Message Department Events Colloquium Series Giving Departmental Assessment Department Facilities Computer Labs Employment Opportunities Directions Contact Us Department Feedback Course Information Registering for Psychology Courses Course Schedules Undergraduate Courses Internship Course Graduate Courses Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Undergraduate Advising Scholarships Student Awards Career Development Summer Research Opportunities Psychology Links Research Facilities Human Subjects Pool PSY 1300 Research Experience Organizations Psych Association Psi Chi Alumni Alumni Profiles Alumni Giving Department Directory Directory Update Request Department Policies and Procedures View Room Schedules Department of Psychology UAC 253 Phone: (512)245-2526  Fax: (512)245-3153 E-Mail: psychology@txstate.edu Help and Site Map Fall 2014 Curriculum Changes Registering and Special Overrides Department Events Liberal Arts Advising Center (Undergraduate) Computer Labs Department Directory Contact the Department Directions to the Department TRACS Bobcatmail Student Self-Service Catsweb Academic Calendar Room Schedules Faculty Annual Review Department Intranet Join the Conversation Share this page Texas State College of Liberal Arts Department of Psychology Welcome to Psychology at Texas State The department currently offers two undergraduate degrees: a bachelor of arts in psychology and a bachelor of science in psychology . At the graduate level, the department offers a master of arts in Psychological Research and a graduate certificate in forensic psychology . The department also offers undergraduate minors in general psychology , forensic psychology , and sport psychology as well as a psychology graduate minor . The department office is located in the Undergraduate Academic Center on the second floor in room 253. Applications for student awards and scholarships are due soon. For details on student awards please click here . For details on student scholarships please click here . The Psychology Curriculum has changed effective Fall 2014. For details please click here . Registration Information Additional registration Information is available here . Expand Collapse Upcoming Department Events   Undergraduate Academic Center, Room 253; Phone: (512) 245-2526; Fax: (512) 245-3153 Texas State University-San Marcos | 601 University Drive, San Marcos, Texas 78666 | 512.245.2111  Texas State University-San Marcos is a member of the Texas State University System  Problems with this page' Email psych-IT@txstate.edu View Mobile Site The College of Arts and Sciences skip navigation Department of Psychology Home About Us Faculty Administration Staff Graduate Students Clinical Services Support the Department Graduate Ph.D. Programs Masters Program Graduate Course Offerings Financial Support Fees Frequently Asked Questions Apply Resources for Current Graduate Students Undergraduate The Psychology Major Apply to the Major Psychology Honors Program Psi Chi: The International Honor Society Undergraduate Psychology Association Considering Graduate Study in Psychology? Resources for Psychology Undergraduates Degree Programs in Singapore Alumni Alumni Updates Update Your Information Department Newsletter Support the Department Events Resources Contact Us Map Navigate â Home About Us â Faculty â Administration Staff â Graduate Students â Clinical Services â Support the Department Graduate â Ph.D. Programs â Masters Program â Graduate Course Offerings â Financial Support Fees â Frequently Asked Questions â Apply â Resources for Current Graduate Students Undergraduate â The Psychology Major â Apply to the Major â Psychology Honors Program â Psi Chi: The International Honor Society â Undergraduate Psychology Association â Considering Graduate Study in Psychology? â Resources for Psychology Undergraduates â Degree Programs in Singapore Alumni â Alumni Updates â Update Your Information â Department Newsletter â Support the Department Events Resources Contact Us â Map Hello and welcome to the Department of Psychology at the University at Buffalo, The State University of New York. The pages of our website are filled with useful information about our department, graduate and undergraduate programs, faculty, and students. We are very proud of our department and the many accomplishments of our faculty and students.Â We hope that these web pages will answer your questions about our department.Â If there is something you would like to know and cannot find it here, please contact us atÂ  psych@buffalo.edu .Â Â Â  ~Stephen Tiffany, Department Chair Search for: Faculty & Students in the News Mark Kristal Jamie Ostrov Lora Park Peter Pfordresher Murray Levine Links Sign Up for Experiments Research Requirements for PSY 101 Students Sign Up for Experiments Research Requirements for PSY 101 Students Search for: Department of Psychology | Park Hall Room 204 | Buffalo, NY 14260-4110 web team renee ruffino | creative design director katie barnum | web developer webmaster About Buffalo Student Life Campus Maps College of Arts & Sciences Graduate Study @ UB Directory Calendar Weather Quicklinks Academics Colleges Agricultural Sciences and Natural Resources Arts and Sciences Center for Veterinary Health Sciences Education Engineering, Architecture and Technology Human Environmental Sciences Spears School of Business Graduate College Honors College Centers Research Centers Arts and Sciences Centers Math Learning Resource Center CEAT Student Services Center for Family Services Inclusion Center for Academic Excellence Assessment and Testing Writing Center International Gateway Resources Catalog Class Schedule Scholarship and Financial Aid Edmon Low Library Institute for Teaching and Learning Excellence Institutional Diversity Services Academic Affairs Office Faculty/Advisor Self-Service (SIS) Registrar Student Disability Services Study Abroad Student Life Life on Campus Campus Life Athletic Ticket Office Parking and Transit Campus Recreation Orange Peel Student Union Residential Life CampusLink Campus Online Student Self-Service (SIS) Webmail Login Online Classroom Class Schedule Independent Study Student Services Campus Police Campus Safety Counseling Services Fraternity and Sorority Affairs Health Services Student Affairs Student Disability Services Career Services Student Government Association Technology O-Key Account Software Distribution Helpdesk Student Computing Information H: Drive Information Faculty / Staff Human Resources Human Resources Employment Payroll Services Job Search Benefits Information Holiday Schedule Training Opportunities Supervisor Toolkit Online Resources Bursar Web for Employees Faculty/Advisor Self-Service (SIS) Parking Permit Webmail Login Information Technology Helpdesk Orange Key (O-Key) Software Downloads IT Announcements Support Faculty Council Staff Advisory Council Uclub Edmon Low Library Institute for Teaching and Learning Excellence Web Developers Group Campus Services Athletic Ticket Office Campus Safety Environmental Health and Safety Campus Police Counseling Services Health Services Physical Plant Seretean Wellness Center Transportation Services Parking and Transit Services University Mailing Services About OSU Administration President Board of Regents Provost/Academic Affairs Administration and Finance Enrollment Management Institutional Diversity Research Sustainability Student Affairs Human Resources Policies and Procedures News and Information Newsroom Calendar Social Media Campus Safety Academic Ledger University Marketing KOSU Radio The Daily O-Collegian Connections Athletics Extension International Gateway Library Alumni Association OSU Foundation Parents Association Agricultural Experiment Station Visit OSU Campus Map Getting Around Atherton Hotel Ranchers Club Campus Dining Meeting and Conference Services Community of Stillwater Future Students First Steps Apply Campus Tour Mailing List Events Enrollment Camp Cowboy Alpha Cost of Attendance Academic Opportunities Graduate College Undergraduate Admissions The Honors College International Student Services Scholar Development University Resources Catalog O-Key Account Study Abroad Greek Life Campus Life The Daily O-Collegian Campus Safety The Colvin Center Student Services Financial Aid Assessment and Testing Academic Services Career Services Student Disability Services University Health Services Apply Now Home Undergraduate Program Graduate Training Clinical Psychology Program Cognitive Psychology Track Comparative - Neurobiology Psychology Track Developmental Psychology Track Social - Personality Psychology Track Faculty Special Programs American Indians Into Psychology Psychology Diversified Students Program Research Experience for Undergrads Summer Science Academy for High School Students Psychology Services Research Participation/Sona Alumni Newsletter Upcoming Colloquia PGSA Grant Writing Resources Library Guide Psychology Museum Travel Courses Contact the Department The Department of Psychology at Oklahoma State University was established in 1958. The Department offers undergraduate and graduate courses with a faculty of 21 full-time members. There are over 400 undergraduates majoring in Psychology and approximately 45 graduate students in the Department. The Department offers doctoral degrees in two programs, Clinical Psychology and Lifespan Developmental Psychology. Located in North Murray Hall, the Department maintains offices and research laboratories for faculty and graduate students and a large computer lab. The Department of Psychology promotes behavioral science through excellent teaching in undergraduate and graduate training programs, nationally and internationally recognized research, and outstanding service to the University, profession, community, and the people of Oklahoma. OSU Center for Health Sciences OSU-Institute Of Technology OSU-Oklahoma City OSU-Stillwater OSU-Tulsa Copyright Oklahoma State University All rights reserved | Stillwater, OK 74078 | 405.744.5000 Accessibility | Safety | Legal and Trademarks | Campus Map | Sitemap | Webmaster Skip navigation All UOW A to Z Campus Map Staff Intranet Contacts Quick Links A to Z Campus Map Staff Intranet Contacts Quick Links About UOW UOW Living Contacts Library Campus Map Staff Intranet Faculties Facilities Services A to Z Future Students Future Students Home International Students High School Students Postgrad Students Mature Age Students Accommodation Scholarships Current Students Current Students Home Timetables Session Dates IT Services Graduation Scholarships Fees Research Innovation Research Home Research Priorities Research Student Centre Research Services Office Innovation Commercial Research UOW Publications Global Challenges Alumni Alumni Home Update Your Details Alumni Profiles Benefits Programs Alumni FAQs Alumni Bookshop Alumni Events Business Community Business Home Community Home Community Newsletter Engagement Grants Campus Tours Working with UOW International Partnerships News Media News & Media Home Media Releases Campus News Database of Expertise Contact Media Visionary / Dynamic / Passionate Connect: UOW About UOW About UOW Home Library Getting to UOW Campuses Learning Teaching Accommodation Policy Directory Environment Faculties All Faculties Schools Faculty of Business Faculty of Engineering and Information Sciences Faculty of Law, Humanities and the Arts Faculty of Science, Medicine and Health Faculty of Social Sciences Services School of Psychology UOW Social Sciences Research/Excel/Achieve. SCHOOL OF PSYCHOLOGY The School of Psychology offers excellent facilities and staff which guarantee quality education and research opportunities. We provide extensive computer facilities as well as teaching and research laboratories, all supported by a team of professional technical staff. Our undergraduate program provides a solid foundation in psychological science and can be combined with studies in a range of other disciplines. WHY STUDY WITH US? The School of Psychology in the Faculty of Social Sciences offers the opportunity for students to explore their passion and develop an in-depth knowledge of psychology. There are opportunities to conduct first-rate research, supported by leading academics. Studies in Psychology can be combined with other areas in order to allow students the flexibility to explore all of their passions without compromise. OUR RESEARCH The School of Psychology includes several research entities, covering a variety of areas within psychological science. You can view our entities and get further information using the links below. Research Entities Searchable Publication List Research Participation System Institute linkages About School About Us Contacts Courses Future Students Why Study With Us? Scholarships Course Finder FAQs Current Students Resources & Support School Central FAQs Research School Research Researcher Profiles Research Projects Research Publications Visit OUR Faculty Site ALUMNI NEWs events 3rd Year Research Development Scheme Honours Supervisor Allocations Drug Court Forum PUBLICATIONS SCHOOL OF Psychology Colloquium series UNIVERSITY OF WOLLONGONG Wollongong NSW 2522 Phone: 1300 367 869 Awards Rankings LINKS Timetables Course Handbook Session Dates Student IT Support Campus Map Exams UniShop Graduation SERVICES Library Employment at UOW Information Technology Services Security Safety Recreation Aquatic UniCentre UOW Enterprises Innovation Campus CONNECT:SOCIAL Ask a Question Events Copyright 2014 University of Wollongong. CRICOS Provider No: 00102E | Privacy | Disclaimer Copyright Info | Website Information | Site Map Toggle navigation GO News Calendar Directories Offices Search Social YouTube Facebook Twitter RSS LinkedIn Follow Us: My Bash Wabash College About Wabash President Hess Location Directions History Consumer Information Mission Employment Old Wabash Academics Majors Registrar Phi Beta Kappa Research Learning Beyond Your Major Course Catalog Lilly Library Join the Faculty Speakers & Events Request a Transcript Admissions Financial Aid After Wabash Visit Us Request Information Majors Financial Aid Meet the Staff Apply Contact Alumni Alumni Voices Big Bash Reunion Wabash Day Planned Giving Volunteer Alumni Association Homecoming Parents Visiting Wabash Annual Giving Athletics Giving Annual Giving Programs & Facilities Honor Roll of Donors 1832 Society Planned Giving Give Now Home Academics Psychology WABASH Psychology is defined as the science of behavior and mental processes, which encompasses an array of specialty areas. Similarly, psychologists stand as the most diverse group of people in our society to share the same title. The department strives to give students a sense of the nature of psychology and its place in society. Its professors equip students with an understanding of the scientific method and an ability to apply it in a variety of contexts. Majors are provided with a sense of the historical background of modern psychology and students interested in graduate study an adequate preparation to succeed. THE DEPARTMENT DISTINGUISHES ITSELF WITH A WELL-PUBLISHED FACULTY THAT STRONGLY ENCOURAGES STUDENT RESEARCH. Students present research findings at an annual undergraduate research conference and regularly publish their work with the faculty. Read about recent events on our department blog Facebook Page . MAJORS, MINORS AND OTHER PROGRAMS OF STUDY AT WABASH ACCOUNTING (DUAL-DEGREE) ART ASIAN STUDIES (AOC) BIOCHEMISTRY BIOLOGY CHEMISTRY CLASSICS COMPUTER SCIENCE (MINOR ONLY) ECONOMICS EDUCATION STUDIES (MINOR ONLY) ENGINEERING (DUAL-DEGREE) ENGLISH FRENCH GENDER STUDIES (AOC) GERMAN GREEK HISTORY INTERNATIONAL STUDIES (AOC) LATIN MATHEMATICS MODERN LANGUAGES MULTICULTURAL AMER. STUDIES (AOC) MUSIC PHILOSOPHY PHYSICS POLITICAL SCIENCE PSYCHOLOGY Curriculum Faculty & Staff Students Facilities Scholarships & Awards RELIGION RHETORIC SPANISH THEATER Quick Links The Bachelor Bookstore Business Office Career Services Course Catalog Employment Listings Join the Faculty Lilly Library President Hess Registrar's Office Technology Wabash Magazine Think About It. If Wabash feels like a fit, we would love to talk to you. Call 1-800-345-5385 or email admissions@wabash.edu Apply Visit ACADEMICS Overview Majors & Minors Course Catalog registrar Phi Beta Kappa Learning Beyond Your Major Going Global Research Speakers & Events Teach At Wabash Related Links Lilly Library Registrar 4-Year Academic Calendar Academic Support Four Years Here Will Change Your Life. Seriously. P: (765) 361-6100 webmaster@wabash.edu About Wabash Facts at a Glance Campus Map From the President Bookstore Human Resources Join the Faculty Resources Centers of Distinction Lilly Library International Office Career Services Wabash Magazine The Bachelor Business Office Technology About This Site Consumer Information Share Feedback Non-Discrimination Policy Privacy Policy Copyright 2014 Close information for Clarkson Students Faculty Staff Alumni Friends Support CU Parents Family K-12 Programs People Soft Moodle MyMail MyFiles Libraries SAS Sustainability Social Media Giving Quick Links Apply Now Request Info Directory Contact Us About Clarkson Academics Admission Life at Clarkson Athletics and Recreation News and Events Welcome History Facts Mission, Vision Values Administration Take a closer look at our stats, accolades and facts that reflect why Clarkson delivers a great return on education; how our mission, vision, values and plans for the future honor our history ; the university leaders who bring perspective and expertise to our boundary-spanning education; and our appreciation of a global community that compels us to engage in solutions and innovative technologies to create real wealth for society. READ MORE Undergraduate Majors Minors Graduate Professional Programs Libraries Technology Research Innovation Through more than 50 rigorous programs of study in engineering , business , science , health , environmental studies and liberal arts , we offer pre-collegiate, undergraduate, graduate and professional education programs. Find out more about our faculty and academic departments , explore majors and minors , see how we couple research discovery and engineering innovation with enterprise, and connect to people, library resources and services that underpin the Clarkson experience. READ MORE Undergraduate Admissions Transfer Admissions Graduate Professional Programs Early College Program: The Clarkson School Wanted: Competitive collaborators, thinkers, doers, dreamers and believers who want to go beyond the status quo and join teams creating whats next. The Clarkson experience is designed for talented and ambitious students who want a hands-on and global ready education. The results lead to accelerated career opportunities, rewarding and creative personal lives, and deep lifetime connections. Are you ready? Meet our admissions team and explore your options. READ MORE Meet Our Students Clubs Activities Explore The Region Office of University Outreach Student Affairs Clarkson is a great place to learn, live and work. Follow what is happening in residence life ; our clubs and organizations ; connections to employers and alumni ; ROTC and service organizations; international and cooperative education experiences ; student services and personal advising ; health and wellness ; campus safety and regulations ; and ways for families to stay involved . READ MORE About Athletics and Recreation Intercollegiate Athletics, Intramurals and Recreation Outdoor Recreation Health Wellness Go Golden Knights ! Join in Clarksons competitive tradition through 19 men's and women's varsity teams , along with numerous intramural and club sports and a wide variety of fitness classes and organized outdoor activities . More than 80 percent of Clarkson students join intramural teams competing in soccer, football, broomball, 3-on-3 basketball, 5-on-5 basketball, ice hockey, volleyball and indoor soccer. Check on schedules, scores, rosters , hours of operations , traditions and more. READ MORE Calendar of Events News Releases Clarkson in the News Publicity Requests Get publicity for your story or check out our news releases , Clarkson news clips , social media conversations, photo galleries and extensive calendar of on and off campus events, meetings, symposia, sports and more. See why at Clarkson we are the place and time to defy convention by continually asking s next? The answers can come from anywhereundergraduates, graduate students, faculty, staff and alumniand we expect (and respect) the unexpected. READ MORE Photo caption goes here. photo credit: Home Department of Psychology Department of Psychology Share This Page Print This Page Undergraduate Curriculum Research Projects Our Faculty Staff Recent Graduates Psychology Student Handbook Research Participation for PY151 Students Research Participation for Community Members Contact Us Our goal is to provide each undergraduate student with a solid foundation in the fundamental areas of psychology while at the same time providing specifically designed plans of study in the areas of most interest to the student. Clarkson University is New York states highest ranked small research institution with rigorous programs in engineering, arts, sciences, business and health sciences. At Clarkson, 3,000 students learn and live in a close-knit residential environment augmented by award-winning career service and experiential learning initiatives. School of Arts Sciences School of Business Wallace H. Coulter School of Engineering Institute for a Sustainable Environment Early College Program: The Clarkson School Career Center Honors Program ROTC Student Success Center Sustainability Division of Research The Center for Advanced Materials (CAMP) The Center for Air Resources Engineering Science (CARES) The Center for Rehabilitation Engineering Science (CREST) The Center for Sustainable Energy Systems (CSES) The Shipley Center for Innovation Reh Center for Entrepreneurship 8 Clarkson Ave. Contact the Webmaster Human Resources Giving Site Index HEOA Public Information Act on Legal Moral Concerns University of Pittsburgh Pitt Home Dietrich School Department of Psychology Home Research Faculty Research Faculty Publications Partners Facilities People Faculty Graduate Students Staff Department Directory Employment Opportunities Graduate Overview Programs Admission Requirements PhD Requirements Courses Financial Support Student Honors Awards Past Dissertation Defenses PhD Placement Teaching Undergraduate Major Requirements Courses Advising Experiential Learning Applying to Graduate School News Events Colloquia Brown Bags Dissertation Defenses Conferences Calendar National Research Council Ranks Pitt Psychology in Top Group of Graduate Programs Read the University Times feature article GRADUATION 2014 More Information New training prograM The Department of Psychology is excited to offer a new post-baccalaureate training opportunity, through the Hot Metal Bridge Program of the Dietrich School of Arts and Sciences. We will offer training experiences in five primary areas of psychology (Biological and Health, Clinical, Cognitive, Developmental, and Social Psychology), in an environment that is highly supportive of interdisciplinary inquiry and research. Read more To apply New Faculty Welcome to our new faculty members: Edward Orehek, Jennifer Cousins, and Sybil Streeter. Faculty Honors Awards Student Honors and Awards Welcome from the Chair Welcome to the second century of psychology at the University of Pittsburgh. Since our founding in 1904, The Department of Psychology has striven to excel in both research and training. Our department, which is located in Sennott Square, a state-of-the-art academic and research building, has become a center for multidisciplinary programs... Read more DEPARTMENT HIGHLIGHTS Support Donate to the Department of Psychology Graduate Programs Biological and Health Clinical Cognitive Developmental Social Individualized Joint Programs Clinical/Developmental Clinical/Health Cognitive Neuroscience Concentration Psychology newsletter Subscribe to receive the next issue of Forward Thinking , the new Psychology department newsletter. Email:  Revised 01/08/14 | Copyright 2006  Site by UMC Web Team t: 412-624-4500 | f: 412-624-4428 | psych@pitt.edu Contact & Directions |  Employment University Home MyUCSC People Calendars A-Z Index Search UC Santa Cruz home Psychology About Undergraduate Graduate Faculty Courses Support Us Featured Profile Youth, empowerment, and social change Participatory action research (PAR), which is a model of research where community members and university-based researchers work collaboratively at all stages in the research process. Psychology News February 18, 2014 Elizabeth Gonzalez - Forging a New Path February 4, 2014 Computer-human interaction expert Steve Whittaker wins lifetime achievement in research award December 6, 2013 Watsonville's new mayor is a UC Santa Cruz alum, a first for the city More... Psychology Calendar Feb 19 Advising Week Begins - Stop in to see a Peer Advisor! Feb 26 Priority Enrollment Begins More... Support Psychology Your gift to Psychology helps to support outstanding students and our internationally recognized programs. Giving to Psychology Ways to Give For Students Click on the links below for more information: Graduate Admissions Undergraduate Advising Field Study 2012-13 Course Listing (PDF) Quick Links Contact Info Faculty Office Hours Department Colloquia Department News Events Department Calendar News Events ContactUs Feedback UC Santa Cruz, 1156 High Street, Santa Cruz, Ca 95064 Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Home About Hollins Admission Academics Student Life Athletics Events News Alumnae Giving Request Info A-Z Index Directory Contact Hollins University Home : Academics : Psychology PSYCHOLOGY Overview Courses Major Requirements (PDF) Faculty Research Graduates UNDERGRADUATE PROGRAMS Art Art History Art (Studio) Biology Business Chemistry Classical Studies Communication Studies Creative Writing Dance Economics Education English Environmental Studies Film French Gender Women's Studies History Interdisciplinary International Studies Mathematics Statistics Music Philosophy Physics Political Science Psychology Religious Studies Sociology Spanish Theatre OTHER ACADEMIC OFFERINGS Study Abroad Arts Management Certificate Certificate in Leadership Studies Computer Science Pre-Law Pre-Med Pre-Nursing Pre-Vet D. O. Degree Short Term Internships First-Year Seminars Gen Ed: Education Through Skills and Perspectives Three-Year Accelerated Program Career Center Other Modern Languages (German, Japanese) COED GRADUATE PROGRAMS Overview Children's Literature Creative Writing Dance Liberal Studies Playwriting Screenwriting Film Studies Teaching Admissions Information: Graduate Admissions Graduate Financial Aid Request Information Apply Online Forms Resources ADULT HORIZON PROGRAM Overview How to Apply Deadlines Scholarships Financial Assistance Transferring Credits Housing Open House Special Visit Dates Request Information BATTEN LEADERSHIP Overview History of BLI Certificate in Leadership Studies (undergraduates) Courses Faculty Staff Certificate in Professional Leadership (women professionals) Are You a Leader? (PDF) Video: Empowering Women to Make a Difference FACULTY Faculty Highlights 2012-13 Faculty (PDF) Recent Faculty Publications REGISTRAR'S OFFICE Overview Schedule of Classes Academic Catalogs Transcript Requests LIBRARY & RESOURCES Wyndham Robertson Library Information Technology Bookshop Center for Learning Excellence Learning Accommodations Contact: Richard Michalski, chair rmichalski@hollins.edu Marilyn Thompson, secretary mthompson@hollins.edu Hollins University Hollins research featured in new book by leading authority on treating mood, sleep problems. More Seasonal affective disorder, subliminal perception, snakes, and preschoolers. What do they have in common, along with light therapy, parental investment, jealousy, and tattoos? They have all been either topics of study or populations studied by students in the psychology department at Hollins University. Working with professors and using sophisticated equipment, psychology majors learn research skills, study theory, and apply knowledge through internships. By the time students graduate, they will have gained a greater understanding of the human mind, be able to think critically, be organized, solve problems, design experiments, use statistics, and write effectively. Psychology students take a series of courses designed to expose them to areas that constitute modern psychology, with particular emphasis on research methods and the scientific roots of psychology. In addition to the core courses, students will take courses from each of the following areas: Abnormal Clinical Biological Comparative Developmental Learning, Memory, Cognition   Social Personality Independent study and research We sponsor independent studies that allow a student to pursue an in-depth study of an area of interest. The department has several lines of ongoing research, and students are encouraged to participate in these projects. Housing and travel support are available for those students who would like to travel to the professional convention at which their project is presented. Students who choose to do honors theses are required to conduct original research projects, and present their findings at the Hollins University Science Seminar and at the Virginia Psychological Association meeting held in the spring. Internships are a practical extension of the classroom The department sponsors many internships which allow students to work in organizations relating to their area of interest. Some recent psychology internships have included: Bowman Gray Medical Clinic American Psychological Association, Women's Program Office University of Maryland Medical School, Pediatrics Department Planned Parenthood Veterans Administration Hospital, Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder Unit Bedford County School System, school psychologist Psychology Associates of Tallahassee Mental Health Services of Roanoke Valley Blue Ridge Autism and Achievement Center (BRAAC) Virginia Tech Carilion Research Institute Careers in psychology Although some psychology majors choose graduate school after Hollins, others are eager to immediately start their careers. According to career research statistics, psychology majors can work in many fields after graduation, and Hollins psychology graduates have gone on to careers in: rehabilitation family counseling therapy with children school psychology community relations program development research human resources advertising, TV, and other media sales Hollins Science Seminar Each year, the Hollins Science Seminar highlights the many research projects Hollins students have carried out during the academic year. Students in psychology, biology, chemistry, mathematics, and environmental studies present posters that summarize their independent research initiatives, from field projects in the Caribbean to modeling interesting mathematical phenomena. my.hollins webmail Hollins University P. O. Box 9707 : Roanoke, VA 24020-1707 GPS: 7916 Williamson Road (800) 456-9595 : huadm@hollins.edu Thom Hartmann - News info from the #1 progressive radio show Sign up or Login "Renaissance Thinking About the Issues of Our Day" Community Thom Radio Show TV Show Books Store Podcasts Newsletter New iPhone App Thoms Daily News Conversations with Great Minds The Big Picture Most recent show (above) Live : Mon-Fri RT : 7pm 9pm Eastern FS TV : 7pm Eastern Thom Hartmann Radio Program Most recent highlights (above) Live : Mon-Fri 3pm - 6pm Eastern Livestream TV | Flash player MP3 Stream | AM760Colorado Visit "The Crash of 2016" website Buy the book now! Also on Kindle Tuesday, Feb. 25, 2014 See the full week's schedule Catch The Thom Hartmann Program LIVE 3-6pm ET M-F!! Read Thom's latest Liberally Yours column online at The Daily Caller..be sure to add your comments support your local liberal! Hour One: Can you carry a gun into the bank now? Noel Flasterstein, Gun Rights For You Hour Two: Is it time for a new Church Committee? Hour Three: Should we have a constitutional convention? David Cobb, Move to Amend / Plus, are the mega donors about to be unleashed? Jonah Minkoff-Zern, Democracy is For People Daily Poll Is it time to end the Military-Industrial Complex? Submitted by THP Danielle on 25. February 2014 - 11:28 YES! And Sec. Hagelâs proposed budget is a good start. NO! There are too many threats to pull back from defense. Poll Archives Latest From The Big Picture 02/25/14 08:24 am 07:23 PipeLIES Exposed 02/25/14 08:23 am 05:50 Everything U Know Is Wrong: Stop Molesting Cows! 02/25/14 08:23 am 05:26 The Trial of the EPA 02/25/14 08:14 am 11:05 Internet: The New Kingdom of the Robber Barons 02/24/14 07:47 pm 58:01 Full Show 2/24/14: The Final Death Blow to Net Neutrality 02/21/14 07:40 pm 58:26 Full Show 2/21/14: Arizona Legislators Pass Anti-Gay Bill 02/21/14 03:18 pm 57:58 Full Show 2/20/14: Will GOP Union Busting in Tennessee Backfire? 02/21/14 08:21 am 05:38 Time for White Americans to Wake the Hell Up 02/21/14 08:21 am 01:59 Geeky Science! If the food doesnt get you - the packaging might... 02/21/14 08:21 am 12:28 Your Take/My Take Live - The Dynamic Duel 02/21/14 08:20 am 12:46 Is There Too Much Plantation Thinking in TN? 02/21/14 08:20 am 11:22 Judicial Crisis - Let the Confirmations Begin.... View The Archive Thom's Blog Is it time for a new Church Committee? Submitted by Thom Hartmann A... on 25. February 2014 - 12:04 Live Blog Thoms Blog Itâs time for a new Church Committee. Login or register to post comments Read more Blog Archives Net Neutrality Died With the Comcast/Netflix Deal (9 comments) Is Social Security Safe For Now? (20 comments) The FCC Wont Stand Up for Internet Freedom. (30 comments) Radio Show Call in Live Mon-Fri : 3pm to 6pm Eastern 1-866-987-THOM (8466) 1-866-745-CONS (2667) + 44 870 974 9686 1-202-536-5306 (comment line) Social Networks Where to find the Thom Hartmann Program (1) Right here at thomhartmann.com Flash player | MP3 Stream | (2) FM AM radio stations across the country (3) Tune-In Radio app - search 'Thom Hartmann' (4) Stitcher Radio app - search 'Thom Hartmann' (5) Subscription podcast (6) Sirius XM (7) Watch on FSTV or at Livestream Hot forum topics The Progressive Movement Is A PR Front for Rich Democrats Was the Chris Christie Bridge Conspiracy Part of National GOP Election Strategy? Fountainebleau Blues When Half-Truths Take Over The Political Dialog And Become The ONLY Truth. Listen or Watch Live Find a radio station Find a TV station Listen to the show live Watch the show live On the News Join in ! Chat Room Message Boards Member Blogs Thom Hartmann : Author Thom Radio Show TV Show Community Store Podcasts Subscriptions Salem Childrens Village Help Contact Us About the Team Terms Conditions Feeds 2014 Mythical Intelligence Drupal site maintained by HollyIT Thom Hartmann Radio Program Live : Mon-Fri 3pm - 6pm Eastern Live radio | Live TV | Podcast Syndicated by Dial-Global, Pacifica, and simulcast on Free Speech TV Network on Dish Network and DirectTV, and on radio stations, American Forces Radio, and Sirius/XM. Live in the US, Africa, Europe and across North America - more people listen to or watch the TH program than any other progressive talk show in the world. The Big Picture Live Mon-Fri in over 50m American homes, and more than 500m homes in 100+ countries . RT : 7pm 9pm Eastern FS TV : 7pm Eastern Podcast TV Highlights Thom's Free IPhone App Final Issue (2011): Radical Psychology Journal! Directory Administration Latest News Member Locations Archives Reports More About RadPsyNet Help! Applying Critical Psychology Documents/Articles Teaching Materials Newsletter Archive Web Links Member Websites Radical Psychology On-line Journal Contact Coordinating Committee The Radical Psychology Network RadPsyNet began "Will Psychology Pay Attention to its Own Radical Critics?" Within a decade we had more than 500 members in , which published for ten years until its final issue in 2011 ( all issues remain online ). We're always open to new participants bringing new energy for new projects! E-mail Discussion List. Website Highlights Applying Critical Psychology Member Websites Find out more our founding documents administrative updates RadPsyNews papers about RadPsyNet Join RadPsyNet: Subscribe to Email Discussion List The easiest way to join the RadPsyNet-Members List is to send a blank email. But a much better way is to register online . Once registered at the discussion group site (now hosted by YahooGroups), you can: decide whether to receive every email add your affiliation , location information, and website URL to our new Contact List view files, links, and other material posted by other members -- and add your own. Once subscribed, you send email to the group to this address: RadPsyNet-Members@yahoogroups.com Problems subscribing? Contact the discussion moderator . Have a website to add to the list of Member Websites? Contact the webmaster . Original Email Discussion RadPsyNet's less-active but original discussion list emphasizes open-ended, unmoderated discussion. To join, email the message: join radical-psychology-network Your Name to this address: jiscmail@jiscmail.ac.uk Once subscribed, email your postings to radical-psychology-network@jiscmail.ac.uk Browse the original list's archives - Search the archives Coordinators Dennis Fox, Co-Founder, Archivist, Webmaster personal website email : radpsy radpsynet (and then) . org Currently living in Boston, Massachusetts Roberta F. Sprague, Discussion Group Co-Moderator email : rsprague anewdayforall (and then) .org Joseph H. Gardella, Discussion Group Co-Moderator email : joseph.h.gardella vanderbilt (and then) .edu Contacts Home Page Notices Documents Links Archives Books Teaching Materials Administration Applying Critical Psychology Radical Psychology Journal Top of Page Updated 25 August 2012 http://www.radpsynet.org 
