 Register Help Remember Me? Home Home Forum Blogs What's New? Advanced Search Home Home FAQ register Home Welcome to E-budo E-budo.com is the Internet's premier bulletin board dedicated to Japanese martial arts and culture. Our moderated forums allow our members to share their interest in the Japanese arts, while maintaining a friendly atmosphere. Visit The Forums -- E-budo -- E-budo Mobile Style Contact Us E-Budo.com Archive Top All times are GMT. The time now is 20:50 . vBulletin Version 4.2.1 Click Here To Enter Site Sekai Dentokan Bugei Renmei, Inc. Welcome to Dentokan Hombu Shudokan Martial Arts Association Home Page What is the SMAA? The Shudokan Martial Arts Association (SMAA) is an international coalition of enthusiasts dedicated to promoting traditional Japanese budo and koryu bujutsu. The SMAA, a 501(c)(3) nonprofit corporation, is headed by an elite group of high-ranking Japanese and Western instructors whose backgrounds encompass many decades of studying and teaching the traditional martial arts and ways of Japan. Who can join? The SMAA invites all individuals who are interested in traditional Japanese budo and koryu bujutsu to apply for membership. There are two levels of membership in the SMAA: full members are eligible to apply for rank and teaching titles; associate members receive all the other benefits of membership, but do not receive rank or titles. All members are bound by the SMAA Code of Ethics . For more information, see the Membership page and the Frequently Asked Questions page . Links: Online Payments Attachments: æ 07/15/2013: The SMAA Kentucky Seminar will take place in Louisville, Kentucky on August 17 19, 2013. The featured instructors are Stephen Fabian Sensei and Cyna Khalily Sensei. Fabian Sensei will teach Hontai Yoshin Ryu jujutsu and related weapons, while Khalily Sensei will offer instruction in Chito Ryu karate-do. This U.S. event is going to be a lot of fun, and it offers our me mbers a chance to study two martial traditions that are rarely taught outside of Japan. Read more in our Events section. 06/04/2013: 06/04/2013: Click here for more information. 05/07/2013: 05/07/2013: 11/13/2012: Every year the SMAA collects dues on January 1. Please be sure to make your contribution on or before this date. You can send a check or money order directly to our headquarters, or you can pay conveniently with a credit card or PayPal at our website: http://smaa-hq.com/payments.php . 07/25/2012: On July 20, 2012 SMAA Senior Advisor Michael Donnelly passed away suddenly from heart-related issues. He was 61 years old. He used his experience as an attorney to offer the SMAA free legal advice. He also helped with the design of the SMAA logo and patch. And at one point, when we really needed someone to take over as General Manager, he took on this role for about two years. (Nicklaus Suino Sensei succeeded Donnelly Sensei as SMAA General Manager.) Donnelly Sensei did all of this for free. 05/14/2012: On August 17, 18 and 19 Sato Tadayuki Sensei and John Gage Sensei will teach a special seminar in the USA. The event will be hosted by Nicklaus Suino Sensei, SMAA Judo Division Director, and it will take place in Ann Arbor, Michigan. Instruction will be in the Kodokan judo of Kano Jigoro Sensei, the Shodokan aikido of Tomiki Kenji Sensei, and Sato Shizuya's system of modern Nihon jujutsu. Special discounts are offered to SMAA members. Go to the Events section of this website to learn how you can study with two of Japan's leading martial arts teachers. 03/01/2012: The SMAA is a federally tax-exempt, nonprofit corporation. As such, your donations to our association are tax deductible. Send your donations, in the form of a check or money order (made out to SMAA), to our headquarters in Michigan . Well send you a letter back acknowledging your contribution, which you can than use for tax purposes. We hope youll support the SMAA in our goal to preserve and promote traditional budo and koryu bujutsu. 04/11/2011: Click here for more information. 08/05/2010: 04/08/2010: We have recently become aware of at least one other martial arts group that uses the acronym Please note that the Shudokan Martial Arts Association is not affiliated with any other group or organization that uses SMAA to identify itself. Though we do not believe any careful observer would confuse our thoughtful, traditional approach with that of another organization, we suggest that you be sure to type in Shudokan Martial Arts Association when seeking information about our association. Our website can be found at http://www.smaa-hq.com/, and our Facebook page at http://www.facebook.com/ShudokanMartialArtsAssociation . 06/25/2009: Click here for more information. Links home about the SMAA events directors advisors divisions membership ranking certificates publications articles payments store faq Â© Dai Nippon Butoku Kai. All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be copied, reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without written permission from Honbu Dai Nippon Butoku Kai, USA and International Division 
