 The Ways of Counting 
 The History of Computers The best way to predict the future is to invent it. â Alan Kay by Jason Robert Carey Patterson , last updated Jan 2011 (orig Dec 1994) In this article I take a quick look at the great moments in the history of computers during my lifetime. First written back in 1994 at the dawn of the World Wide Web, this article is updated every few years and over time is building up to become a fascinating look back into computing history. In fact it is already quite interesting, even though I'm still relatively young... The 1970s From the world's first microprocessor to the Altair and Apple II. UNIX and the C programming language. CP/M, VisiCalc and WordStar. Pong and Space Invaders. Floppy disks and sealed hard disk drives. Xerox PARC and the birth of the GUI. The VAX and Cray at the high end. The 1980s The Commodore 64, the IBM PC, the Macintosh and the Amiga. Graphical user interfaces and the birth of multimedia. IBM PC clones. Pac Man and Donkey Kong. x86 goes 32-bit. The C++ programming language and object-oriented programming. RISC architectures, the SPARCstation and Silicon Graphics. The 1990s Microsoft Windows, Netscape, the Internet and the World Wide Web. DOOM and the birth of 3D games. The Alpha, PowerPC and Pentium. The Power Macintosh. Windows 95 and NT. PIXAR and Toy Story. Linux and open source. Netscape vs Internet Explorer. Yahoo! and Google. The 2000s The dot-com bust, broadband networking, laptops, WiFi and the iPhone. Mac OS X and Windows XP. Viruses and malware. The Nintendo Wii. Social networking, YouTube, MySpace, Facebook and Twitter. PS: As with any article of this type, I'm always looking for interesting facts and comments to add to the text, without making it too long (brevity is a key goal). If you think I've missed something noteworthy, or simply wish to make a comment, please feel free to email jason@lighterra.com . Unless otherwise noted, all product images shown in this article are either in the public domain or are copyright to the relevant product's creator, owner or manufacturer and used under the rules of reasonable use. All product names mentioned in this article are the trademarks of their respective owners. Mention of product names is for informational purposes only and constitutes neither an endorsement nor a recommendation. Lighterra Articles Papers The History of Computers During My Lifetime About Lighterra is the software company of Jason Robert Carey Patterson . I work on a variety of software, including a cutting-edge code optimizer to make programs faster, a threading library for parallel programming, an iPhone user interface library, some iPhone apps and a web video component. You may not have heard of Lighterra, but you probably benefit from my work every day without knowing it! Software VGO - Very Global Optimizer Threads++ IGE - iOS GUI Extras Cool Photo Speed Dial EmbedVideo BandwidthDetect more... Articles Modern Microprocessors - A 90 Minute Guide! The History of Computers During My Lifetime Coding Guidelines To Live By Exception Handling Considered Harmful highsrc - Simple and Effective High-DPI Images more... Contact Privacy Legal 
 Mind Machine Museum a virtual museum and gallery of First in collection......the original control console for the first supercomputer, the CDC 6600....date: 1964 manufacturer: Control Data Corporation....serial number: 0002 designer: Seymour Cray....original cost of computer: $6 million Cray Research Supercomputing History Bayview Club photo of CDC 6600 C alculators, computers, and video games are all high-tech tools of the mind. Teachers may find students fascinated by early examples and willing to engage in high-tech archaeological "digs" in their local community. These artifacts, combined with their disks and cartridges, may be disassembled and analyzed, restored and displayed or operated as functioning units--an archaeological, technology challenge that gives students a historical perspective about the computer revolution, both its software and hardware. Traditional antiques are at least 100 years old, but given the rapid, unprecedented changes in microcomputers, game machines, and calculators, any such product that is 10 or more years old might be considered antique. This website is an attempt to create a web museum of many of these amazing artifacts of the twentieth century that I have owned. The following list provides links to illustrations to each model, original prices (when known), and basic specifications. Please note that most of this collection is located elsewhere, and, unfortunately, I no longer can answer inquiries about specific items. I am no longer collecting and have no additional information beyond what is listed. For further help, click here for links at the bottom of this page. .................... click on these options .................... ...computers....... .......calculators..... ...computer-related games.... ......related artifacts... computers  1955 GENIAC logic computer kit, 1st model (Berkeley Enterprises, Inc.) ($20)  1956 Heath Electronic Analog Computer kit (front panel only), (Heath)($945)  1961 MINIVAC 601 tabletop training digital computer (no transistors, uses mechanical relays for switching), (Sci. Develop. Corp.)($85)  1964 EAI analog computer, Model TR-20 (EAI)($10,000)  1971 Compumedic analog computer, (Compumedic)  1972 GRI Minicomputer, Model 99/IIB (GRI)($5000)  1972 EMR Minicomputer (front panel only) (EMR)  1973 Intel Intellec-8 microcomputer, CPU: 8008, (Intel) ($2398) --- *  1974 Scelbi-8H Mini-Computer, CPU: 8008, (Scelbi)(kit: $580)  1975 HP 3000, Series II, minicomputer (front panel only), (Hewett Packard)  1975 IBM 5100 Portable Computer, CPU: IBM IC module, (IBM) ($20,000)  1975 Altair 8800 microcomputer, CPU: 8080, (MITS) (kit: $439; assembled: $621) --- *  1976 Altair 680b microcomputer, CPU: 6800, (MITS)(kit: $425; assb: $610)  1976 IMSAI 8080 microcomputer, CPU: 8080A, (IMS Assoc.)($931) --- *  1976 SC/MP Development System, singleboard, CPU: SC/MP, (National Semicond.)($499)  1976 Intel 80/10 singleboard microcomputer, CPU: 8080, (Intel)($295)  1976 Commodore KIM-1 microcomputer  1976 Intercept, Jr. singleboard microcomputer, CPU: IM6100, (Intersil)($250)  c.1976 Z-80 Starter Kit singleboard microcomputer, CPU: Z80, (SD Systems, Micro Design)($365)  c.1976 Informer microcomputer/terminal (Informer)  1977 Byte 8080 microcomputer, CPU: 8080A, (Byte Inc.)($539) --- *  1977 COSMAC VIP singleboard microcomputer, CPU: 1802, (RCA) ($250)  1977 E MMD-1 singleboard microcomputer, CPU: 8080, with BUG Books, (E)($500)  1977 Homebrew one-bit microcomputer, CPU: MC-14500B (Motorola) --- *  1977 Homebrew breadboard microcomputer, CPU: 8080 --- *  1977 "Science Fair Digital Computer Kit," Model 28-218 (Radio Shack)  c.1978 Am-2900 Microcomputer (singleboard), CPU: 2901, (AMD)($975?)  c.1978 "Microcomputer-in-a-Suitcase Trainer," CPU: NEC8255, (ICS)  c.1978 IASIS "Computer-in-a-Book," (singleboard), CPU: 8080, (IASIS) ($530)  c.1978 MST-80 microcomputer kit, (singleboard), CPU: 8080, (Lawrence Livermore Lab)  1978 SPARK-16 microcomputer w/cassette recorder, CPU: 9440, (Fairchild)  1978 SYM-1 microcomputer, (singleboard), CPU: 6502, (Synertek)($239)  1980 VIC-20 microcomputer w/C2N cassette drive, CPU: 6502, (Commodore)($300)  1981 Z8 Basic/Micro Computer (single-board), CPU: Z8, (Micro Mint)($195)  1983 Sharp PC-1500A LCD handheld computer/calculator w/3-color mini printer (Sharp)($200) --- *  1983 TRS-80, Model 100, portable microcomputer w/disk drive & printer, CPU: 80C85, (Tandy)($799)  1983 Sinclair 1500 microcomputer w/acoustic modem, CPU: Z80A, (Sinclair)($200?) --- *  1984 Apricot Portable Computer, CPU: 8086, (ACT)($?) --- *  1984 Data General One, Model 2 laptop computer, CPU: 80C88 (Data General)($2500) --- *  1984 IBM Portable Personal Computer, CPU: 8088, (IBM)($3020)  1984 HP The Portable (HP's first laptop), with 9114 disk drive & 2225B ThinkJet printer (HP) ($4250) --- *  1984 Apple IIgs Woz Limited Ed. microcomputer, CPU: 65C816, (Apple)($999) --- *  1985 4041 System Controller Computer (Tekronix)($6540)  1985 HP-75D Handheld Computer with 82143A printer (HP)($1600)  1986 TPI 863T milspec microcomputer (Mac-Plus design) CPU: 68000, metal cabinet and filters for low EMI (Tempest)($6000) --- *  1986 IBM Convertible (IBM's first laptop) w/printer, (IBM)($2400)  c.1986 Hygrocomputer, Model 1500, (General Eastern)($2000+)  1989 Portfolio palmtop portable microcomputer, (Atari)($400) --- *  1989 NeXT Cube NeXTstation computers, CPU: 68030, 8MB RAM, 105MB HD (NeXT) ($6500) c.2000 Be, Inc. Notebook/Tablet Computer (DVT engineering prototype) --- *  calculators  1890 Burroughs Adding and Listing Machine ($300)  c.1900 Britannic calculator No. 2120 (Guy's Calc. Machine)  c.1910 Felt & Tarrant Comptometer  c.1920 "The Calc. Corp.-Michigan," (The Calculator Corporation)  c.1920 Addometer (Reliable Type Co.)  c.1930 Ve-Po-Ad pocket adding machine  c.1938 Addiator Arithma (Germany)  1950 Monroe LA-5 High-Speed Adding Calculator (Monroe)  1951 Facit NTK calculator (Facit)  1964 Friden 132 Electronic CRT Calculator (Friden)($1950)  c.1965 Micro-Tally (Technidyne)  c.1965 Speedee Add-A-Matic  c.1966 Friden 1116 Electronic Calculator, table-top, Nixie-tubes (Friden)  1968 Wang Calculator System ($3800)  c.1969 Olivetti Divisumma-18  1972 Royal Digit III LED pocket calculator (Royal) ($99)  1972 Sanyo ICC-82D LED pocket calculator (Sanyo) ($350)  1972 SR-10 "Electronic Slide Rule" LED pocket calc. (Texas Instruments)($150)  c.1972 Unknown mfg. LED pocket calculator kit, board label:"GDM CT 5005"  c.1973 Bowmar (?) LED pocket calculator  c.1973 Interton VIP-10 LED pocket calculator (Interton)  c.1973 Summit KO8 LED pocket calculator (Summit)  1974 SR-11 Electronic Slide Rule LED pocket calculator (Texas Instruments) ($66)  1974 Minuteman 6 LED pocket calculator (Commodore) ($30)  1974 Rockwell 20R LED pocket calculator (Rockwell) ($50)  1974 Texas Instruments TI 2550 LED pocket calculator (TI)($100)  1974 Sears-8 (728.58862) LED pocket calculator w/manual & case  1975 Hewlett-Packard 9815A desktop calculator (HP) ($2900)  c.1975 Casio Root-8 FLUOR pocket calculator (Casio)  c.1975 Novus 750 LED pocket calculator (Nat'l. Semiconductor Corporation)  c.1976 Unisonic 1540L LED pocket calculator  1976 TI-1270 LED pocket calculator w/manual & case (TI) ($13)  1976 TI Programmable 57 LED handheld calc. (Texas Instruments )($75)  c.1977 TI Programmer LED pocket calculator (Texas Inst.)  1983 Sharp PC-1500A LCD handheld computer/calculator w/3-color mini printer (Sharp)($200)  computer-related games  1949 Tru-Action Electric Football Game (Tudor Metal Products Corp., Brooklyn, NY)  1960 Think-A-Tron "Electronic Q Computer" toy with punched cards (Hasbro)  1969 Computer Football (Comp Games Div., Elec. Data Controls) ($30)  1972 Computer Football Scrimmage (Comp Games Div., Elec. Data Controls) ($?)  1976 DIGITEK 2001 (Digitek Electronics)  1976 Tournament-2000 TV game (Unisonic)($120)  1977 COMP IV computer numbers game (Milton Bradley)  1977 Game Brain, Model C-700 [prototype of VCS model?] (Atari)  1977 unidentified prototype [alternative VCS model?] (Atari)  1977 Studio II Home TV Programmer game/console, CPU: 1802 (RCA)($150)  1977 Telecourt TV game (Hometronics)  1978 COMPUTER RAGE board game (Creative Computing)  c.1978 Tomy Computer toy, [all mechanical "computer terminal" w/keyboard]  c.1978 RAMI, The Binary Teacher toy  1980 IN THE CHIPS -- SILICON VALLEY board game (Tega)  1980 Pacman ephemeral artifacts  c.1981 Invader from Space handheld electronic game, (EPOCH) ($40)  1982 Intel 400-piece jigsaw puzzle of 80286 CPU  1988 Video Technology "SOCRATES Ed. Video System, includes IR remote keyboard and Muse System  miscellaneous computer-related artifacts  1935-1980 Vacuum tube, Transistor & IC Parts  1939 Burroughs Typewriters: mechanical & electric  c.1941 Stabilogue EC-2 mechanical analog computer/calculator (Am. Hydromath Corp., New York, NY)  c.1964 "ITC Televiephone" desktop videoconference systemwith/telephone handset (Ikegama)  1966 Lockheed Sequence Timer [Babbage Difference Engine look-alike] --- *  c.1970 Dektak Inspection/Scriber tester [with microscope for IC Wafers]  1971 Pulsar LED digital watch (Hamilton)($900) and 10 others.  1972 "The Muse" computer random melody music maker/player (Triadex) ($249) --- *  c.1974 early homebrew computer keyboard  c.1975 Intel System Interface & Control Module MCB 8-10  c.1977 PT-210 (TRS-80 series) portable data terminal w/built-in printer & acoustic modem (Radio Shack)  Forty-five of these items in 1989 group photo Related Links American Computer Museum Analog Computer Museum Atari Historical Society Charles Babbage Institute, U. of Minn. Bubble Memory Collection Vintage Calculator Website Commodore 8-bit server Computer History Assoc of California Computer History Museum Computer Museum of America Cray Research Supercomputing History First Personal Computer -- Which? Great CPUs--Past & Present Historic Computer Photo Archive (400+ images) HNF Heinz Nixdorf MuseumsForum IEEE Annals of the History of Computing The Intel Museum Museum of HP Calculators Museum of Obsolete Computers Museum of Soviet Calculators National Archive for History of Computing Vintage Computer Festival Virtual Altair Museum Neat Links Ancient Alphabet Art [teletype & ASCII] Classic Commodore Website e.space: sfmoma's online gallery 
 The History of ProjectDelta What was Project Delta? Accounts of Delta's History The Comprehensive DeltaTimeline MemoirDelta A Brief History of Early Project Delta Clark Baker's Memories of DSAA: Project DELTA Gary Luckenbaugh's Recollections of Delta "Unofficial"History of ProjectDelta The Delta Scrapbook Aron Insinga's Pictures of 360 DuPont Hall Ernie's Collection of UDCC and Willard Pictures Examples of some graphics programs by Ralph Gonzalez Some People Pictures from the Reunion Deltoid Alumni Resources Account Listings Delta Alumni Directory Archives Deltoids Mailing List RSTS/E is on the air! Download versions of RSTS/E Related info at other sites The Virtual Museum of Computing YAPP - Yet another PDP-11 Page n3lym@amsat.org 
 Contents Next Introduction Teachers Navigation Go to the next slide/page in the lecture. Access key: n Go to a selectable list of all slides in the lecture. Access key: i Jumps the display to the top of the slide. Access key: t Jumps the display to the beginning of the text. Access key: b Contents: The Shamanistic Tradition Stonehenge: Stonehenge Sites The Abacus: Blaise Pascal Charles Babbage Charles Babbage Sites The Conditional Herman Hollerith Binary Representation The Harvard Mark I Alan Turing Alan Turing Sites The Turing Machine ENIAC John von Neumann The EDVAC Computer Technology Advances The Altair BASIC Other Languages More Computer Languages The PC Explosion PC Sites PCs Today The Web Servers and Clients and picked as a Computers: From the Past to the Present 1994-2006 by Michelle A. Hoyle 
 Computer 50 Update of 26 July 2010: Dr Brian Napper, the author of these pages, sadly passed away in March 2009. Toby Howard . the "Baby" The University of Manchester June 21st 1948 any (short!) user program Manchester Mark 1 Ferranti Mark 1 story of the Baby and the Mark 1 working replica of the Baby (see ) log 30th March 2005 November 16th 1953 "Transistor Computer" note The Mark 1 Story The Story In particular People Introduction SSEM, the "Baby" Manchester Mark 1 Ferranti Mark 1 Mark 1 Literature Recollections Williams Tube Display Tube First Program Using the Mark 1 Maths Dept. Input Picture Gallery F.C. Williams Tom Kilburn Alan Turing Max Newman Other People Contemporary Computers Moore School Course Other Early History Sites Tom Kilburn Virtual Museum of Manchester Computing biography of Tom Current Research School of Computer Science Memorial Service here A CD-ROM underlined text in black Brian Napper . 
 hitmill.com Enter your search terms Submit search form Christmas Page All Christmas-Page 2 History of Computers timeline of the history of computers and early calculating machines has been included. Our timeline includes developments in the 1600's and their impact on computing. The development of the modern day computer was the result of advances in technologies and man's need to quantify. (The abacus A B C D E F G H I J K L M ] N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z ] - A - ABACUS The Abacus (Hitmill.com: Good pictures, overview, brief history, definition, counting boards, bibliography, and links for further study) A Brief History of the Abacus ADA , the programming language. Ada Programming at U. of Mich. Ada Programming Resources Introduction to Ada95 (embedded.com) Mission Critical Programming Concepts with Ada95: Introduction to the Ada Programming Language Training Class (ddci.com) AIKEN, HOWARD HATHAWAY Howard Hathaway Aiken and the Mark I Howard Aiken: Makin' A Computer Wonder Howard Hathaway Aiken, Computer Pioneer Howard Aiken's Harvard Mark I ALTAIR Computer Altair 8800 (Wikipedia) Introduction The Revolution Begins (David Bunnell) The Altair 8800 and Ed Roberts Altair History (onlineethics.org) Early History of the Personal Computer (by Thayer Watkins at San Jose State University) Brief History of the Altair (highgate.comm.sfu.ca) The Virtual Altair Museum" Ed Roberts Interview (virualaltair.com) What Good is a Computer Without Software? (virtualaltair.com) How the Personal Computer Was Born (sas.org) Looking Back on Nearly Three Decades of Personal Computing (by Forrest M. Mims III) Ed Roberts and the MITS Altair How the Altair Began (by Stan Veit, the Computer Editor of Popular Electronics Magazine) Chronology of Personal Computers 1975 Open Letter to Hobbyists from Bill Gates, February 3, 1976 PDF copy of An Open Letter To Hobbyists Ramblings From Ed Roberts, March 1976 ANALYTICAL ENGINE The Analytical Engine, Table of Contents Analytical Engine/Babbage APPLE/MACINTOSH Apple Computer history (apple-history.com) Steve Jobs Information Page Woz.org Making the Macintosh (stanford.edu) The Apple Museum (theapplemuseum.com) Books on Apple History MacPicks (Mac News, Reviews, E-zines) MacPlaces Apple Computer (company) History by Silicon Valley Historical Apple Operating Systems Listed Note that Apple released Lion OS X in mid-July of 2011 without much fanfare. (hitmill's note) ARPA, Forerunner of ARPANET and the Internet See also WEB and INTERNET, KLEINROCK, LIPLIDER, CERF, topics. ARPA: The Early Days of ARPA, Forerunner of the Internet ATANASOFF, JOHN VINCENT The John Vincent Atanasoff Virtual Archive Atanasoff Biography (Hien Chris Do) Washington Post Obituary Secret of a Genius: Drive Fast and Don't Look Back (This is an article about John Atanasoff.) Inventors of the Modern Computer This article from the Minining Company discusses the Atanasoff-Berry Computer, John Vincent Atanasoff, and Clifford Berry. ATANASOFF-BERRY COMPUTER Reconstruction of the Atanasoff-Berry Computer (Article from Ames Lab) ABC Public Showings: November 1996 and October 1997 - B - BABBAGE, CHARLES Pioneers: Charles Babbage Charles Babbage Biographical Notes The Babbage Pges: Biography Babbage's Analytical Engine Charles Babbage Institute (U. of Minn.) Charles Babbage - Bibliographical notes Picture of Charles Babbage (cs.vt.edu) BACKUS, JOHN Biography of John Backus BELL, GORDON Gordon Bell Microsoft Bay Area Research Center; worked on design of PDP-6 at DEC, an antecedent of the PDP-10, one of the first mPs and the first time-sharing computer. (research.microsoft.com) BOOLE, GEORGE George Boole - Genius of Lincoln (Roger Parsons) The Calculus of Logic by George Boole (maths.tcd.ie) Papers by George Boole (ucc.ie - University Library County Cork, Ireland) George Boole Invents Boolean Algebra George Boole, Biographical Notes (st-and.ac.uk) BRICKLIN, DANIEL (Co-Creator of VisiCalc) Daniel Bricklin, First Spreadsheet,VisiCalc Daniel Bricklin's Web Page Daniel Bricklin Biography, Long Form BUNNELL, DAVID (Altair, MITS, PC Mag., PC World, MacWorld) The Third Culture: David Bunnell (edge.org) Prosumer Media Upside Tech Magazine's Downside (S.F. Chronicle) BUSH, VANNEVAR As We May Think (by permission of theatlantic.com) Article of 1945 by Vannevar Bush Vannevar Bush Biographical Notes (www.iath.virginia.edu) Vannevar Bush (livinginternet.com) BYRON, LADY AUGUSTA ADA Ada Byron (Yale.edu, contributed by Dr. Betty Toole) Ada's Notes Contributed by Dr. Betty Toole, Yale.Edu The Birth of the Computer Revolution Yale.edu Pictures of Lady Augusta Ada Byron, Countess of Lovelace - C - C++ Programming Language History of the C++ Programming Language (hitmill.com with information from Bjarne Stroustrup) History of C++ (cplusplus.com) CALCULATORS Timeline History of Calculators Calculator Reference, Research Page CERF, VINTON G. Co-inventor of TCP/IP Protocol for the Internet ICANN Biographical Notes about Vinton G. Cerf Vint's Personal Home Page Read about the first 35 years of the "Internet" How the Internet Came to Be as told by Vinton Cerf Vinton G. Cerf (isoc.org) Vinton G. Cerf (Wikipedia page) Vinton Cerf on the future of e-mail (ComputerWorld: 2001 article) From Inventing the Enterprise: Vinton G. Cerf (cio.com) CODD, EDGAR F. Database Pioneer, Key Theorist of Databases Edgar Codd, Database Pioneer, Dead at 79 (usatoday.com) Edgar Codd, Key Theorist of Databases Dies at 79 in Florida COLOSSUS The Colossus Rebuild Project (codesandciphers.org.uk) The Colossus Rebuild Project (project-x.org.uk) Lorenz Ciphers and the Colossus 1940-1944 The Colossus Colossus Electronic Programmable (to a limited extent) Computer Colossus Computer COMPUTER HISTORY DIRECTORIES (submitted to, and approved by Hitmill.com for student use.) Criteria: References listed. No photo plageurism. Copyright respected. No commercialism, as pages are used in the World's classrooms. Chronology of Personal Computers (Ken Polsson) Computing Science, History of Computers: From the Past to the Present History of Computing Information this Web author would have you believe that computers are here because of the military but the USA wasn't even a thought yet when Babbage and Lovelace were working on and programming machines before the Industrial Revolution, before the production of steel, so the "because of the Army or because of the military is all wet... Eisenhower was President when Russian launched Sputnik and that was a scientific embarassment. In late 1957 (October) Sputnik was launched. It didn't take long for the President to ask for and for Congress to vote to create ARPA. (See ARPA links) Later, a branch off of ARPA became NASA and they used computers but projects were space oriented.. ARPANET was the non-military branch that created the Internet nodes, first being at the non-military UCLA. The ARMY could have computers because of pre-exisiting technologies that had no prior connection with the military. Stop giving the military the credit for having computers... The military had a need and had computers built to fill a need, but none of the technologies up until then had to do with the military's think tank... The inventors were independent of the US military, or had been civililians when asked to help the military to build the computers. A Brief History of Computers and Networks (GoldenInk.Com) Computer Conservation Society Computer Conservation Society - D - DIFFERENCE ENGINE of BABBAGE Babbage Difference Engine ; Computer History Museum comments on the Babbage Difference Engine ; Difference Engine (at Wikipedia) ; Babbage's Difference Engine #2 ; as applied to Computers, Computer Technologies, Home User Image Software Mona Lisa, Digital Image from 1965 A Brief History of Digital Imaging Home of Adobe Software Blurb.com Home of Apple Computer and Software iPhoto, iMovie, Aperture, GarageBand podcasts, image books with iPhoto and Aperture DIJKSTRA, EDSGER WYBE Mathematician, Computer Scientist, Shortest Path Algorithm, Computer Programmer, Educator Dijkstra, Edsger and his Shortest Path Algorithm (topic: Programming) Biographical Notes: Edsger W. Dijkstra (Wipikedia.org) Edsger Dijkstra, The shortest-path algorithm Dijkstra's Algorith (Wikipedia.org) E. W. Dijkstra Archive (utexas.edu) Dijkstra's Algorith (uwa.edu.au) GoTo Statement Considered Harmful by Edsger Dijkstra, 1968; Article began the structured programming movement. How Do We Tell Truths that Might Hurt? by Edsger Dijkstra, 1975: On old problems in programming Edsger Dijkstra on universities Edsger Dijkstra:RIP - E - ECKERT, J. PRESPER J. Presper Eckert Interview The Eckert/ENIAC Collection ENGLEBART, DOUGLAS C. AUGMENTING HUMAN INTELLECT: A Conceptual Framework A summary report prepared by Douglas C. Englebart for the Air Force Office of Scientific Research, October 1962. Original Computer Mouse Patent Computer Mouse Demo (video info.) Facts About the Invention of the Computer Mouse The Computer Mouse The Mousesite - a resource for exploring the history of human computer interaction beginning with the pioneering work of Douglas Engelbart and his colleagues at Stanford Research Institute in the 1960s. ENIAC The ENIAC Story (army.mil) A Report on the ENAIC (army.mil) ENAIC - The Army Sponsored Revolution (army.mil) John W. Mauchly and the Development of the ENIAC Computer (upenn.edu) The Eniac (about.com) ENIAC Computer Invention (ideafinder.com) Jean Bartik, The First ENIAC Programmer Ethernet Networking With Ethernet (entertainmentdesignmag.com) - F - Fibonnaci Numbers Fibonnaci Numbers Definition Fibonnaci Numbers and the Golden Section - F, G - First, Second, Third, and Fourth Generation Computers Features of each generation are discussed. - G - Google.Com's Computer History Links Great Microprocessors of the Past and Present Greatest Engineering Achievements of the 20th Century GATES, WILLIAM H III An Open Letter To Hobbyists, by Bill Gates Bill Gate's Web Page at Microsoft Bill Gates: Biog. notes and p;icture The "Unofficial" Bill Gates page Focus Magazine's Interview with Bill Gates Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation An Open Letter to Hobbyists - by Bill Gates, 1976 (blinkenlights.com) William H. Gates III Before Microsoft Bill Gates Wealth Index GOOD, IRVING JOHN (JACK) Roanoke Times Article about Jack Good ,a memeber of the team that broke the ENIGMA code during WWII Irving John (Jack) Good Cryptologist, statistician GORE, AL Al Gore's Support of the Internet by Robert E. Kahn and Vinton G. Cerf Gore to Get Lifetime Award for Internet Gore Never Did Claim That He Invented the Internet GOSLING, JAMES From Inventing the Enterprise: James Gosling (cio.com) James Gosling, On the Java Road Java - James Gosling (about.com) Graphical User Interface Graphical User Interface History of the Graphical User Interface Graphical User Interface, GUI (apple-history.com) Mac OS X Aqua Human Interface Guidelines (developer.apple.com) GUI Gallery The History of Graphical User Interfaces - H - Historic Computer Images (army.mil) History of Computers Article by aleembawany.com History of Computer Viruses and Attacks (securityfocus.com) History of Computing (ei.cs.vt.edu) A compiled directory of categorical links. History of Computing: Virtual Museum of Computing (VMoC) This site is a virtual museum which includes an eclectic collection of WWW hyperlinks connected with the history of computing and on-line computer-based exhibits. History of the Internet (Roads and Crossroads of Internet History (Gregory Gromov's site) History of the Web Beginning at CERN HOPPER, GRACE Grace Hopper The Wit and Wisdom of Grace Hopper Inventing the Enterprise: Grace Murray Hopper (cio.com) Hewlett-Packard Hewlett-Packard, History -- Founding Fathers The Making of Hewlitt-Packard Dave Packard's 11 Simple Rules - I - INDUSTRIAL REVOLUTION IEEE Annals of the History of Computing Internet History: Roads and Crossroads of Internet History (Gregory Gromov) IBM IBM Vintage Personal Computers IEEE IEEE/ISTO Industry Standards and Technology Organization IEEE Computer Society Home Portal IEEE Computer Society History of Computing IEEE Annals of Computer History IEEE 802.11b - Wireless Ethernet Article by Al Petrick, Vice Chairman of the IEEE 802.11 Standards Committee INTERNET History of the Internet by computerhope.com/ Internet Pioneers The Advanced Research Projects Agency was created in 1959 by an Act of Congress. In 1962 J.C.R.Licklider went to work for ARPA and it was his suggestion that a computer network be established. Read about the events that unfolded. Net Valley's History of the Internet, Web, Silicon Valley. The Dotcom Bubble Over-Inflation of valuation and what happened. Internet Explorer The History of Internet Explorer - J - JACQUARD, JOSEPH-MARIE by James Essinger. Read about this book at Amazon.com Jacquard Loom The Jacquard Loom (columbia.edu) Jacquard's Punched Card Industrial Revolution: Timeline of Textile Machinery Biographical Note on Joseph-Marie Jacquard Biography of Joseph-Marie Jacquard JOBS, STEVE PAUL Steve Paul Jobs Bio. - K - KAHN, ROBERT E (co-inventor of TCP/IP Technology for Internet) Robert E. Kahn Biographical Notes Robert E. Kahn Awarded National Medal of Technology KING, ADA BYRON (See BYRON, AUGUSTA ADA) KLEINROCK, LEONARD Leonard Kleinrock Biography: The Birth of the Internet (ucla.edu) Leonard Kleinrock was the inventor of the Internet technology known as packet-switching. Leonard Kleinrock's home page - L - LEIBNIZ, GOTTFRIED von Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz (1646-1716) LICKLIDER, J.C.R. Man-Computer Symbiosis by J.C.R. Licklider (PDF file, Memex.org) The Computer as a Communication Device (PDF file, Memex.org) JCR Licklider (columbia.edu) J.C.R. Licklider Biography (thocp.net) J.C.R. Licklider (livinginternet.com) Six degrees of J.C.R. Licklider traces computer evolution (St.Louis Post Dispatch/wustl.edu) J.C.R. Licklider in Memoriam (MIT.edu) The Dream Machine: J.C.R. Licklider and the Revolution That Made Computing Personal (book, by M. Mitchell Waldrop -- see Amazon.com book site) - M - Mind Machine Museum (SFSU.edu) MAUCHLY, JOHN W. John W. Mauchly and the Development of the ENIAC Computer METCALF, ROBERT M. Ethernet From Inventing the Enterprise: Robert M. Metcalf (cio.com) Ethernet (acm.org) Mouse The Mouse Site - N - NELSON, TED Project Xanadu The original hypertext project... Ted Nelson home page NYGAARD, KRISTEN Notes About Kristen Nygaard - O - OPERATING SYSTEMS are considered part of Software of the computer.. related to Programming. 8-Bit Operating Systems (Armory.Com) History of Operating Systems (Wikipedia.org) GEOS, 8-bit Operating System - P - PASCAL, BLAISE Blaise Pascal Quotes to Inspire You Blaise Pascal Biography Blaise Pascal PDP Computers PDP11's on the Bribane Project for Totalisators by Brian Conlan What is a PDP? (Ken Olson/DEC) PDP-8 (pdp8.net) PDP-11 History (telnet.hu) People, Pioneers in Computing, Including Notable Women in Computing Topic is other Web sites having these topics, but this page has names throughout. Past Notable Women of Computing and Mathematics PC Computers, Pre-IBM Pioneers (Wired Magazine's List of Pioneers of Computing) Pioneers of Computing PROGRAMMING, Pascal Programming Language All things Pascal - Q - - R - RITCHIE, DENNIS Dennis Ritchie Home Page Interview with Dennis M. Ritchie Dennis M. Ritchie timeline Dennis M. Ritchie: From Inventing the Enterprise - S - Shareware, History of SILICON VALLEY Silicon Valley History (netvalley.com) Smithsonian Exhibits Smithsonian Institute's Computer History Collection Shortest Path Algorith Dijkstra, Edsger STIBITZ, GEORGE R. George R. Stibitz, Computer Inventor (1904-1995) George R. Stibitz in Inventors Hall of Fame George R. Stibitz Curriculum Vitae George R. Stibitz, Biography George R. Stibitz, 1904-1995 SYSTEM R System R (mcjones.org) - T - Tech. History (si.edu) The Charles Babbage Institute This is located at the University of Minnesota Many computer subjects including the history of computers... The Evolution of the Computer The History of Shareware The IEEE Annals of the History of Computing The Revolutionaries The Smithsonian Computer History and Information Technology Timeline: The History of Computers (Maxmon.com) Tools for Thought (Howard Rheingold) TOTALISATORS History of Totalisators by Brian Conlon. TURING, ALAN The Alan Turing Home Page Alan Mathison Turing (1912-1954) Alan Turing and COLOSSUS -U- UNIVAC COMPUTER Univac Memories (fourmilab.ch) Book: The Unsung Heroes of the PC Age -V- Virtual Museum of Computing Viruses: History of Computer Viruses Wearable Computing at media.MIT.edu What was the first computer and who built it?" Wired Magazine:Browse by Person This is a list not to be missed. Enjoy. von NEUMANN, JOHN LOUIS John Lewis von Neumann (1903-1957) John von Neumann von Neumann Digital Computer -W- WANG, AN Dr. An Wang (Magnetic Core Memory) (mit.edu) An Wang, Hall of Fame Inventor Profile Dr. an Wang Computer Pioneer The Doctor and His Calculators About Wang An Wang: The Core of the Computer Era Wang system photos Photo 1968 Wang Calculator Wang 363E Calculator Wang BASIC vs. Microsoft BASIC WEB AKA, WORLD WIDE WEB History of the Web Beginning at C.E.R.N. WILKES, MAURICE VINCENT Maurice Vincent Wilkes (vt.edu) Maurice Vincent Wilkes, Brief Biography WIRTH, NIKLAUS Niklaus Wirth (kzoo.edu) WOZNIAK, STEVEN Steven Wozniak Bio. (cs.vt.edu) Official Website of the "WOZ" Apple Computer history -X- XANADU Project Xanadu The original hypertext project... Xanadu Australia: Problem Definition Xanadu Secrets Become Udanax Open-Source (1999) Marc Steigler's 1989 Article Published in the February 1990 Edition of Unix Review is about Hypertext Publishing -Y- -Z- ZUSE, KONRAD Konrad Zuse (Use the search engine at this next site to put in the name of Konrad Zuse, in order to navigate to this topic.) A photograph of Konrad Zuse Konrad Zuse's Z3 Computer Konrad Zuse And His Computers Real Knowledge Learn another language with Rosetta Stone Related Links Having Computer History Significance, and a Hitmill.com Review of the sites at Google's History of Computers List. small site, with a smattering of information, condensed timeline of 27 entries from just the 20th century by About.com . ABOUT.COM'S SURVEY of computer history site, briefly does a fair job of touching the bare surface of the late historical period of the 20th century with some entries in the 21st century but nothing here about 1600's-1899. Not much depth here, but there is a lot of name dropping. If you need a name, they got 'em. Would be nice to see more Bibliographies, more detail and more depth. Might be suitable for grade school students. Not enough depth for research. This is not a significant computer history site, with omissions of important early works, but is owned by a corporation that can afford to do better. Timeline only from 1939 - 1994 also omits earlier developments. This is a good site for information from that narrow time range and it includes personal information about some of the people involved in computer technology in only the 20th century, so far. Altair, Commodore-64 machines are covered, and other earlier computers such as the machines produced by Konrad Zuse, and his Z4. Site has a push for monetary donations. Commercial site. Pictures Site has many pictures, not all from the public domain, but the pictures are not sourced and I )regret that a site supposedly for students has no source information from where they took/acquired the photographic images. I would like to know if they have permission to use the approx. (stated 50 pictures.?? (Students: you are not to use copyrighted information nor photographs on a Web site without stating the source AND having written permission or you are violating copyright.) This site deserves removal from the list until sourcing or a note about copyright has been included... permissions are necessary, and must be visibly sourced,referencing the copyright holder, by law. Computer Hardware Good coverage of computer hardware and calculating history, early Russian, Australian, German and British machines included in the discussion, along with American machines. Excellent References and Footnotes... This site deserves #1 on Googles list. Wake up, Google team.. take a look. this site has hours of work. Hitmill.com's History of Computers has been a leader in the History of Computers parade of sites since 1998, raising the bar and challenging others to get better. A 65-year old grandmother hand-coded this page (and this entire domain, which began in 1998) in NotePad, to show students that Web pages can be made without buying software. The site is in the process of adding a timeline and should not be relegated down at the fifth level for it is a quality page with depth, sourcing, footnoting, and Bibliographies in its multiple page structure. Obviously well planned with the research students in mind. This site has grown up, since 1998, and remains a top "History of Computers and Computing Timeline" Web site. A historical site made with raw HTML and no software. Non-commercial, non-corporate site, not asking for money, with a couple of click-ads from Google quietly generating pennies for Grandma's hosting. Historical Timeline of Computer Graphics and Animation Computing Research Links Futuristic Computers History of the Web, Beginning at CERN TIMELINE About Computer History and Related Early Machines and Technologies (A History of Computers Timeline) DATE NOTES and LINKS Era of early Chinese Dynasties Abacus 1450 Gutenberg Press 1617 Napier's Bones 1642 Blaise Pascal , at age 18, Invented hand-powered commercial calculator machine, the Pascaline. 1640's Mechanical Calculators are Manufactured for sale.  http://goldenink.com/computersandnetworks.shtml 1670's - attempts to multiply mechanically were made by Gottfried von Liebniz (1646-1716) Principia Mathematica by Isaac Newton 1687 1750's-1850's through 1900 Industrial Revolution in England, Europe, United States 1801 Jacquard Loom used wooden slat "punch cards" to make patterns on the loom. 1823 Charles Babbage started work on the Difference Engine , through funding from the British Government. While he did produce prototypes of portions of the Difference Engine, it was left to Georg and Edvard Schuetz to construct the first working devices to the same design which were successful in limited applications. 1826 Photography (in France) Niepce. 1831 Charles Babbage founded the British Association for the Advancement of Science. 1833 In this year, Charles Babbage began his work on his Analytical Engine. 1843 Ada Byron Lovelace computer program to calculate Bernoulli numbers, England 1843 Telegraph line established, sent code between Philadelphia and Washington (Morse)(Morse Code) 1864 Maxwell's electromagnetic wave theory. 1877 Phonograph (Edison) 1884 Image Scanner for scanning and transmitting images (Nipkow in Germany) 1885 Cathode Ray Tube 1887 Motion Picture Camera 1888 Gramophone by Berliner 1890 Punch cards on computer used for the US Census (Hollerith) 1898 Telegraphone, a magnetic recording device. (Poulsen) 1905 Electron Tube (Fleming) 1905 Theory of Relativity (Einstein) 1926 First television (J.L.Baird) 1928 80-column punch card (Hollerith) 1929 BBC begins broadcasting 1957 Sputnik I successful satellite launch by Russia on October 4 began the Space Race, the Space Age, and ushered in a panel of scientists for the White House's Panel on Science and Technology called for by U.S. President David D. Eisenhower 1943 Turing COLOSSUS the first programmable computer, England (Great Britain) 1946 ENIAC first electronic computer, in United States of America. 1951 UNIVAC, first computer U.S.A. Government used. 1968 Gordon Moore and Robert Noyce are founders of Intel, to make semiconductors, processors, aka "computer chips". 1977 Apple computers are first sold commercially to home consumers. United States. 1981 IBM computers were sold commercially as "personal computers". 1991 Tim Berns-Lee created the World Wide Web at C.E.R.N. in Switzerland Top History of the Web Home Webmaster hitmill.com 
 Home Library let me know ATK - automaattinen tietojenkäsittely from 1967 while the newest is an issue of The NT Insider released at 2007 . Author Book title Magazine Software title Publisher books , magazines or software titles small print 
 Home   -  Contact Info  -  Articles  Files  -  Links  -  Adventures   -  Other Stuff   which indicate cost-efficient manufacturing of these devices. 
 
 Before 1944 1944 - 1971 1972 - 1981 1981 - 1990 1990 - 1998 Memories Quotes Future Sources 
 A Brief History of Computing Copyright 1996-2005, Stephen White swhite@ox.compsoc.net . Timelines of computer development Links to other related sites Bibliography Hardware History Overview History of the Internet History of WIMPs (Windowing Systems) Hardware History Overview History of the Internet History of Windowing Systems My homepage swhite@ox.compsoc.net 
 Pages Menu DEEPER CONTEXT Explore Site Features Annual Top 10 Albums 00-12 Books for GLBT Teens and Youth Computer History Report Hot Celebrities Gallery Site Credits Categories Business 2.0 Crossposts and Comments Life Hacks Marketing and Web 2.0 Music Im Digging My Projects Personal Reflections Popular Culture Reframing Social Media Storytelling Categories Menu My Photography 8-19-13 Bosque Del Apache, New Mexico 2009 Bronx Botanical Gardens 9/4/2011 Bronx Zoo 3-21-2010 Central Park 7-20-11 Coolidge Homestead Greenwood Cemetary 11-16-11 New Orleans 11-2011 Rhinebeck New York 8-2010 Sink Project My Web Dev Portfolio Podcasts I Host Conversations For Deeper Context Sounds From My Drawers Family Laura Meyers Photography Charles Meyers Art Kate Farinas Digital Media Work My Other Sites Cute Girls in Stupid Sunglasses My DJ Setlists and Downloadable Mixes My NewCommBiz Posts Home A Brief History of the Computer (b.c. 1993a.d.) [ad#CompTop] by Jeremy Meyers Note: Yes, a lot of this is from Groliers Encyclopedia. Hey, I was young. I didnt know any better. Credit where credit is due. Also, this information is only current as of the early 1990s (1993, to be exact), and no Im not planning to add more information anytime soon. I would not recommend scamming this for your own homework, as some of the conclusions are rather humorous today. Citing This Work You are welcome to use this document as a reference in creating your own paper or research work on the subject. Please dont just copy this paper verbatim and submit it as your own work, as I put a lot of time and effort into it. Plus, its bad karma. If you would like to use this work, please use this citation in your bibliography: Meyers, Jeremy, A Short History of the Computer [Online] Available ([current date]) Table of Contents: 1) In The Beginning 5) The Modern Stored Program EDC 2) Babbage 6) Advances in the 1950s 3) Use of Punched Cards by Hollerith 7) Advances in the 1960s 4) Electronic Digital Computers 8) Recent Advances In The Beginning The history of computers starts out about 2000 years ago, at the birth of the abacus , a wooden rack holding two horizontal wires with beads strung on them. When these beads are moved around, according to programming rules memorized by the user, all regular arithmetic problems can be done. Another important invention around the same time was the Astrolabe, used for navigation. Blaise Pascal is usually credited for building the first digital computer in 1642. It added numbers entered with dials and was made to help his father, a tax collector. In 1671, Gottfried Wilhelm von Leibniz invented a computer that was built in 1694. It could add, and, after changing some things around, multiply. Leibniz invented a special stepped gear mechanism for introducing the addend digits, and this is still being used. The prototypes made by Pascal and Leibniz were not used in many places, and considered weird until a little more than a century later, when Thomas of Colmar (A.K.A. Charles Xavier Thomas) created the first successful mechanical calculator that could add, subtract, multiply, and divide. A lot of improved desktop calculators by many inventors followed, so that by about 1890, the range of improvements included: Accumulation of partial results Storage and automatic reentry of past results (A memory function) Printing of the results Each of these required manual installation. These improvements were mainly made for commercial users, and not for the needs of science. Babbage While Thomas of Colmar was developing the desktop calculator , a series of very interesting developments in computers was started in Cambridge, England, by Charles Babbage ( left , of which the computer store Babbages , now GameStop, is named), a mathematics professor. In 1812, Babbage realized that many long calculations, especially those needed to make mathematical tables, were really a series of predictable actions that were constantly repeated. From this he suspected that it should be possible to do these automatically. He began to design an automatic mechanical calculating machine, which he called a difference engine . By 1822, he had a working model to demonstrate with. With financial help from the British government, Babbage started fabrication of a difference engine in 1823. It was intended to be steam powered and fully automatic, including the printing of the resulting tables, and commanded by a fixed instruction program. The difference engine, although having limited adaptability and applicability, was really a great advance. Babbage continued to work on it for the next 10 years, but in 1833 he lost interest because he thought he had a better idea the construction of what would now be called a general purpose, fully program-controlled, automatic mechanical digital computer. Babbage called this idea an Analytical Engine . The ideas of this design showed a lot of foresight, although this couldnt be appreciated until a full century later. The plans for this engine required an identical decimal computer operating on numbers of 50 decimal digits (or words) and having a storage capacity (memory) of 1,000 such digits. The built-in operations were supposed to include everything that a modern general purpose computer would need, even the all important Conditional Control Transfer Capability that would allow commands to be executed in any order, not just the order in which they were programmed. The analytical engine was soon to use punched cards (similar to those used in a Jacquard loom), which would be read into the machine from several different Reading Stations . The machine was supposed to operate automatically, by steam power, and require only one person there. Babbage s computers were never finished. Various reasons are used for his failure. Most used is the lack of precision machining techniques at the time. Another speculation is that Babbage was working on a solution of a problem that few people in 1840 really needed to solve. After Babbage , there was a temporary loss of interest in automatic digital computers. Between 1850 and 1900 great advances were made in mathematical physics, and it came to be known that most observable dynamic phenomena can be identified by differential equations (which meant that most events occurring in nature can be measured or described in one equation or another), so that easy means for their calculation would be helpful. Moreover, from a practical view, the availability of steam power caused manufacturing (boilers), transportation (steam engines and boats), and commerce to prosper and led to a period of a lot of engineering achievements. The designing of railroads, and the making of steamships, textile mills, and bridges required differential calculus to determine such things as: center of gravity center of buoyancy moment of inertia stress distributions Even the assessment of the power output of a steam engine needed mathematical integration. A strong need thus developed for a machine that could rapidly perform many repetitive calculations. Use of Punched Cards by Hollerith A step towards automated computing was the development of punched cards, which were first successfully used with computers in 1890 by Herman Hollerith ( left ) and James Powers, who worked for the US. Census Bureau . They developed devices that could read the information that had been punched into the cards automatically, without human help. Because of this, reading errors were reduced dramatically, work flow increased, and, most importantly, stacks of punched cards could be used as easily accessible memory of almost unlimited size. Furthermore, different problems could be stored on different stacks of cards and accessed when needed. These advantages were seen by commercial companies and soon led to the development of improved punch-card using computers created by International Business Machines (IBM), Remington (yes, the same people that make shavers), Burroughs, and other corporations. These computers used electromechanical devices in which electrical power provided mechanical motion like turning the wheels of an adding machine. Such systems included features to: feed in a specified number of cards automatically add, multiply, and sort feed out cards with punched results As compared to todays machines, these computers were slow, usually processing 50 220 cards per minute, each card holding about 80 decimal numbers (characters). At the time, however, punched cards were a huge step forward. They provided a means of I/O, and memory storage on a huge scale. For more than 50 years after their first use, punched card machines did most of the worlds first business computing, and a considerable amount of the computing work in science. Electronic Digital Computers The start of World War II produced a large need for computer capacity, especially for the military. New weapons were made for which trajectory tables and other essential data were needed. In 1942, John P. Eckert, John W. Mauchly (left) , and their associates at the Moore school of Electrical Engineering of University of Pennsylvania decided to build a high speed electronic computer to do the job. This machine became known as ENIAC (Electrical Numerical Integrator And Calculator) The size of ENIAC s numerical was 10 decimal digits, and it could multiply two of these numbers at a rate of 300 per second, by finding the value of each product from a multiplication table stored in its memory. ENIAC was therefore about 1,000 times faster then the previous generation of relay computers. ENIAC used 18,000 vacuum tubes, about 1,800 square feet of floor space, and consumed about 180,000 watts of electrical power. It had punched card I/O, 1 multiplier, 1 divider/square rooter, and 20 adders using decimal ring counters , which served as adders and also as quick-access (.0002 seconds) read-write register storage. The executable instructions making up a program were embodied in the separate of ENIAC , which were plugged together to form a for the flow of information. These connections had to be redone after each computation, together with presetting function tables and switches. This wire your own technique was inconvenient (for obvious reasons), and with only some latitude could ENIAC be considered programmable. It was, however, efficient in handling the particular programs for which it had been designed. ENIAC is commonly accepted as the first successful high speed electronic digital computer (EDC) and was used from 1946 to 1955. A controversy developed in 1971, however, over the patentability of ENIAC s basic digital concepts, the claim being made that another physicist, John V. Atanasoff ( left ) had already used basically the same ideas in a simpler vacuum tube device he had built in the 1930s while at Iowa State College . In 1973 the courts found in favor of the company using the Atanasoff claim. [ad#compmid] The Modern Stored Program EDC Fascinated by the success of ENIAC , the mathematician John Von Neumann ( left ) undertook, in 1945, an abstract study of computation that showed that a computer should have a very simple, fixed physical structure , and yet be able to execute any kind of computation by means of a proper programmed control without the need for any change in the unit itself. Von Neumann contributed a new awareness of how practical, yet fast computers should be organized and built. These ideas, usually referred to as the stored program technique, became essential for future generations of high speed digital computers and were universally adopted. The Stored Program technique involves many features of computer design and function besides the one that it is named after. In combination, these features make very high speed operation attainable. A glimpse may be provided by considering what 1,000 operations per second means. If each instruction in a job program were used once in consecutive order, no human programmer could generate enough instruction to keep the computer busy. Arrangements must be made, therefore, for parts of the job program (called subroutines) to be used repeatedly in a manner that depends on the way the computation goes. Also, it would clearly be helpful if instructions could be changed if needed during a computation to make them behave differently. Von Neumann met these two needs by making a special type of machine instruction, called a Conditional control transfer which allowed the program sequence to be stopped and started again at any point and by storing all instruction programs together with data in the same memory unit, so that, when needed, instructions could be arithmetically changed in the same way as data. As a result of these techniques, computing and programming became much faster, more flexible, and more efficient with work. Regularly used subroutines did not have to be reprogrammed for each new program, but could be kept in and read into memory only when needed. Thus, much of a given program could be assembled from the subroutine library. The all purpose computer memory became the assembly place in which all parts of a long computation were kept, worked on piece by piece, and put together to form the final results. The computer control survived only as an errand runner for the overall process. As soon as the advantage of these techniques became clear, they became a standard practice. The first generation of modern programmed electronic computers to take advantage of these improvements were built in 1947. This group included computers using Random Access Memory (RAM), which is a memory designed to give almost constant access to any particular piece of information. . These machines had punched card or punched tape I/O devices and RAMs of 1,000 word capacity and access times of .5 Greek MU seconds (.5*10-6 seconds). Some of them could perform multiplications in 2 to 4 MU seconds. Physically, they were much smaller than ENIAC . Some were about the size of a grand piano and used only 2,500 electron tubes, a lot less then required by the earlier ENIAC . The first generation stored program computers needed a lot of maintenance, reached probably about 70 to 80% reliability of operation (ROO) and were used for 8 to 12 years. They were usually programmed in ML, although by the mid 1950s progress had been made in several aspects of advanced programming. This group of computers included EDVAC (above) and UNIVAC (right) the first commercially available computers. Advances in the 1950s Early in the 50s two important engineering discoveries changed the image of the electronic computer field, from one of fast but unreliable hardware to an image of relatively high reliability and even more capability. These discoveries were the magnetic core memory and the Transistor Circuit Element . These technical discoveries quickly found their way into new models of digital computers. RAM capacities increased from 8,000 to 64,000 words in commercially available machines by the 1960s, with access times of 2 to 3 MS (Milliseconds). These machines were very expensive to purchase or even to rent and were particularly expensive to operate because of the cost of expanding programming. Such computers were mostly found in large computer centers operated by industry, government, and private laboratories staffed with many programmers and support personnel. This situation led to modes of operation enabling the sharing of the high potential available. One such mode is batch processing, in which problems are prepared and then held ready for computation on a relatively cheap storage medium. Magnetic drums, magnetic disk packs, or magnetic tapes were usually used. When the computer finishes with a problem, it the whole problem (program and results) on one of these peripheral storage units and starts on a new problem. Another mode for fast, powerful machines is called time-sharing. In time-sharing, the computer processes many jobs in such rapid succession that each job runs as if the other jobs did not exist, thus keeping each satisfied. Such operating modes need elaborate executable programs to attend to the administration of the various tasks. Advances in the 1960s In the 1960s, efforts to design and develop the fastest possible computer with the greatest capacity reached a turning point with the LARC machine, built for the Livermore Radiation Laboratories of the University of California by the Sperry Rand Corporation, and the Stretch computer by IBM . The LARC had a base memory of 98,000 words and multiplied in 10 Greek MU seconds. Stretch was made with several degrees of memory having slower access for the ranks of greater capacity, the fastest access time being less then 1 Greek MU Second and the total capacity in the vicinity of 100,000,000 words. During this period, the major computer manufacturers began to offer a range of capabilities and prices, as well as accessories such as: Consoles Card Feeders Page Printers Cathode ray tube displays Graphing devices These were widely used in businesses for such things as: Accounting Payroll Inventory control Ordering Supplies Billing CPUs for these uses did not have to be very fast arithmetically and were usually used to access large amounts of records on file, keeping these up to date. By far, the most number of computer systems were sold for the more simple uses, such as hospitals (keeping track of patient records, medications, and treatments given). They were also used in libraries, such as the National Medical Library retrieval system, and in the Chemical Abstracts System , where computer records on file now cover nearly all known chemical compounds. More Recent Advances The trend during the 1970s was, to some extent, moving away from very powerful, single purpose computers and toward a larger range of applications for cheaper computer systems. Most continuous-process manufacturing , such as petroleum refining and electrical-power distribution systems, now used computers of smaller capability for controlling and regulating their jobs. In the 1960s, the problems in programming applications were an obstacle to the independence of medium sized on-site computers, but gains in applications programming language technologies removed these obstacles. Applications languages were now available for controlling a great range of manufacturing processes, for using machine tools with computers, and for many other things. Moreover, a new revolution in computer hardware was under way, involving shrinking of computer-logic circuitry and of components by what are called large-scale integration ( LSI techniques. In the 1950s it was realized that scaling down the size of electronic digital computer circuits and parts would increase speed and efficiency and by that, improve performance, if they could only find a way to do this. About 1960 photo printing of conductive circuit boards to eliminate wiring became more developed. Then it became possible to build resistors and capacitors into the circuitry by the same process. In the 1970s, vacuum deposition of transistors became the norm, and entire assemblies, with adders, shifting registers, and counters, became available on tiny In the 1980s, very large scale integration (VLSI) , in which hundreds of thousands of transistors were placed on a single chip, became more and more common. Many companies, some new to the computer field, introduced in the 1970s programmable minicomputers supplied with software packages. The trend continued with the introduction of personal computers (PCs), which are programmable machines small enough and inexpensive enough to be purchased and used by individuals. Many companies, such as Apple Computer and Radio Shack , introduced very successful PCs in the 1970s, encouraged in part by a fad in computer (video) games. In the 1980s some friction occurred in the crowded PC field, with Apple and IBM keeping strong. In the manufacturing of semiconductor chips, the Intel and Motorola Corporations were very competitive into the 1980s, although Japanese firms were making strong economic advances, especially in the area of memory chips. By the late 1980s, some personal computers were run by microprocessors that, handling 32 bits of data at a time, could process about 4,000,000 instructions per second. Microprocessors equipped with read-only memory (ROM), which stores constantly used, unchanging programs, now performed an increased number of process-control, testing, monitoring, and diagnosing functions, like automobile ignition systems, automobile-engine diagnosis, and production-line inspection duties. Cray Research and Control Data Inc. dominated the field of supercomputers, or the most powerful computer systems, through the 1970s and 1980s. In the early 1980s, however, the Japanese government announced a gigantic plan to design and build a new generation of supercomputers. This new generation, the so-called generation, is using new technologies in very large integration, along with new programming languages, and will be capable of amazing feats in the area of artificial intelligence, such as voice recognition. Progress in the area of software has not matched the great advances in hardware. Software has become the major cost of many systems because programming productivity has not increased very quickly. New programming techniques, such as object-oriented programming, have been developed to help relieve this problem. Despite difficulties with software, however, the cost per calculation of computers is rapidly lessening, and their convenience and efficiency are expected to increase in the early future. The computer field continues to experience huge growth. Computer networking, computer mail, and electronic publishing are just a few of the applications that have grown in recent years. Advances in technologies continue to produce cheaper and more powerful computers offering the promise that in the near future, computers or terminals will reside in most, if not all homes, offices, and schools. Share this: Facebook Twitter Tumblr Google Print Email About Me Jeremy Meyers View Full Profile My Tweets Some Selected Posts On Vulnerability August 9, 2011 On Authority: We don't have it when we think we do. August 2, 2010 Are we going about this whole communications thing backward? July 7, 2010 Be a person-sized learning atom within your own community. April 28, 2010 What Matters In Life: Connection and Giving. April 26, 2010 What "What ___ Can Teach us about blogging" can teach us about blogging. April 2, 2010 The difference between wanting help and being ready to accept help February 7, 2010 There's nothing inherently useful about being an early adopter. January 27, 2010 Adding That Third Thing: What Nobody Tells Us About How to Handle Charged Situations November 6, 2009 What's the best that could happen?: Why Risk Analysis is only part of the story October 16, 2009 On compassion. October 7, 2009 Recognizing and embracing true value: How do we address fear? September 24, 2009 Focus on the bridge: A framework for emotionally engaging storytelling. September 18, 2009 Restrictions are the new freedom: Web 3.0, Twitter and Setting Limits December 6, 2008 I Am Socializing On I Am Reading Count Zero (Sprawl, #2) by William Gibson   Eat the City: A Tale of the Fishers, Foragers, Butchers, Farmers, Poultry Minders, Sugar Refiners, Cane Cutters, Beekeepers, Winemakers, and Brewers Who Built New York by Robin Shulman   Who Owns the Future? by Jaron Lanier   I Am Listening To Main Title (I Had A Farm In Africa) John Barry 17 hours and 23 minutes ago Past Times Trevor Jones 17 hours and 28 minutes ago Hallucination Trevor Jones 17 hours and 32 minutes ago Within You David Bowie 17 hours and 35 minutes ago Home Designed by Elegant Themes | Powered by WordPress Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel 
