 Training Interactive Online Training Tri-C Certification The Great 48 Personal Training Elite Fitness Mental Training Freed From Fear tm Store Fighting DVDs Strength and Fitness DVDs Package DVD Bundles Online Training Personal Training Testimonials Gallery Audio Photos Videos News Featured Students Tony Cecchine's American Catch Wrestling Be ready for the ring, the cage, or the street. Tony Cecchine's American Catch Wrestling Ruthless.Intense.Technical.Elite.That is Tony Cecchine's American Catch Wrestling. Tony Cecchine's American Catch Wrestling High intensity. Stratospheric results. Tony Cecchine's American Catch Wrestling Pushing the boundaries of training with cutting edge tactics and strategies. Tony Cecchine's American Catch Wrestling Tony Cecchine's American Catch Wrestling. Bridging the past with the techniques of today. Tony Cecchine's American Catch Wrestling By A Web Design Online MMA Course Course number 1 is geared specifically for those interested in a MMA career. You will learn all pertinent tactics from stance to striking to ground work. These are some of the same techniques I use to train professional MMA fighters here in Chicago. Read More Online Self Defense Course Course number 2 is geared specifically for self-defense. Many of the techniques involved in this course are illegal in all sport competitions, and are designed for serious life and death situations. This is a vicious and devastating course. Read More Online Catch Wrestling Course Course number 3 is geared specifically for the competition grappler. This course does not cover any strikes or rips and is what I use to train my competitors for such competitions as NAGA and other sport grappling environments. Read More Site/Newsletter User Name Password Remember Me More Site Links About Catch About Tony Featured Students MMA Talk News Online Training Courses Personal Training Store Testimonials Contact Us Learn More Home Search List Audio Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Become An Affiliate School Tony Cecchine's American Catch Wrestling Tri-C Program Week Long Training Intensive You may be here because you've heard first-hand stories of the efficiency and ruthlessness of Catch Wrestling. You may have seen my multi-page feature in Black Belt Magazine, or read that Black Belt Magazine honored me as one of the world's top-20 street fighters. You may have seen my state-of-the-art strength and conditioning ideas written about in American Health and Fitness Magazine. You may have read a review of my seminal submission grappling series, The Lost Art of Hooking. Or, you may be one of the countless fighters and grapplers who has turned to me to learn a complete and fully integrated fighting system — one that, when properly mastered, will not only turn you into a dominant all-around fighter, but will in fact transform you into the kind of person who feels confident and at ease in just about any surroundings. Regardless of your reason for visiting, you've come to the right place. And here's why: Tony Cecchine's American Catch Wrestling — while adaptable to sport competition — is first and foremost reality based. True, I've trained men and women who have fought and won in such events as UFC, Pancrase, NAGA, IFC, and the like. But more importantly, my teachings have helped change (and in some cases even save) lives. Because in the world outside the ring or cage, there is no tapping out — and people who train with the availability of a ready concession in mind will be unprepared for the potentially more brutal reality of the streets. JoomlaXTC V-Tube Playlist Pro Plug-in- Copyright 2010 Monev Software LLC Take your time and explore this site. Learn about my American Catch Wrestling system in its entirety — from its emphasis on controlling when, where, and how a confrontation takes place to its seamless integration of striking, wrestling, ripping, and submission grappling – and I’m sure you’ll agree that my complete approach to fighting offers an advantage over the rather segmented and artificial way many other “fight systems” piece together various disciplines in the attempt to approximate what in American Catch Wrestling is an organic whole. Become A Certified Instructor Learn one of the most devastating fighting styles in the world and become fully endorsed and certified to boot! No matter where you live...No matter what your experience level is...No matter if you're young or old. This is a limited time offer to become certified to teach the world famous Tony Cecchine Catch Wrestling Method. Read More Chicagoland residents, this is your opportunity to train at the home of champions. Whether your goal is self defense, competition, weight loss, strength gains, etc., we have a structured program that can be tailored for your needs. Read more We have devised special training opportunities to help develop your striking, defense, footwork, and groundfighting skills, as well as world class conditioning.I have trained local, regional, national, international, and world champions. Read more Elite Fitness From setting world records, to training world record holders, strength and fitness is paramount in all of our training programs. Very few peoplethe balance needed to create the most explosive, intense, and fierce fighters and strength athletes. Read More Mental Training It all stems from our mind. Learn to utilize the power you have and harness the inner strength that you possess.Utilizing modified techniques from R.E.B.T. we have designed a unique approach to attack the mental weakness that plague us all. Read More Freed From Fear tm Learn to survive and flourish by conquering your mind and body and resting comfortably in the knowledge that you havethe most thorough and technical training possible. It's hard, but completely rewarding. There's no finer time than the present to embark. Read More Don't Forget To Visit Our Store Our Certification Program Chicago Fighting Academy Chicago Fitness Academy Italian American Sports Hall Of Fame Payments Accepted We honor all major credit cards. We gladly accept PayPal. Contact Details Name: American Catch Wrestling World Headquarters Address : Chicago, Il., U.S.A. Copyright: 2013 Tony Cecchine's American Catch Wrestling. All Rights Reserved. 
