 This page uses frames, but your browser doesn't support them. IU Bloomington Choose site to be searched People Unit IU Type search terms IU Anthropology IU Homepage Anthropological Center for Training and Research on Global Environmental Change A Research Center of the Office of the Vice Provost for Research at Indiana University Bloomington Home ACT Research and Grants Prospective Student Information Faculty Staff IU Associated Faculty Graduate Students Collaborating Scientists Visiting Scholars ACT Publications Enviro Links Contact ACT Click for news about ACT ! menu Home Welcome to ACT!! ACT is an interdisciplinary training and research center on the human dimensions of global environment change. ACT's Mission The mission of the Anthropological Center for Training and Research on Global Environmental Change is to provide a setting where interdisciplinary training and research on the human dimensions of global environmental change can take place -- thus, the reason for naming it "anthropological." The Center's acronym "ACT" suggests that its goal is to be an active player in global environmental research currently underway here and abroad. It represents a pioneering effort to make it possible to address both the local and the global dimensions of environmental change. Take a tour of this ACT site and take a look at the ACT brochure . You can also click on many images on our site to access high-resolution versions. contact us for more information. Dear ACT Friends and Collaborators, For 20 years, ACT has created a community of collaborators and friends that spans theworld. This community has been founded on the vision and hard work of Emilio F. Moran. Emilio founded ACT based on a vision of doing collaborative research and training by breaking disciplinary borders while strengthening disciplinary contributions, by asking questions in new ways, and by facing the challenge of working together in the field and in the lab, by "playing hard and having fun" as he puts it. It is difficult to imagine ACT without the spirit and leadership of Emilio. Many challenges are ahead and many opportunities too, after all we are building upon a solid foundation and international recognition of committment to academic excellence. While we await particular decisions from the IU administration, we are fortunate to have Prof Rinku Roy Chowdhury (Geography) assuming the leadership of the center this semester. We are also fortunate to have such strong partner centers at IU such as the Ostrom's Workshop, CIPEC, and several departments and schools. We, of course, will continue to see Emilio as lifelong member of the ACT family. The spirit and research activities of ACT will continue and we hope to strengthen existing collaborations and start new ones. The history and legacy of research Emilio is leaving are too strong to suggest otherwise. On behalf of the whole ACT community,THANKS Emilio and wishes of success and joy in this new phase! Copyright Indiana University Copyright Complaints Powered by the IU WCMS using Site Builder view full site Lakota Winter Counts , our new online exhibit. The NAA and HSFA collect and preserve historical and contemporary Copyright Privacy Policy Contact UMSL Calendar Phonebook Maps A-Z Index MyView MyGateway FUTURE STUDENTS CURRENT STUDENTS FACULTY STAFF ALUMNI FRIENDS PARENTS UMSL Daily Center for Human Origin and Cultural Diversity The Connecting Human Origin and Cultural Diversity Program was founded in Fall, 1995, as a joint venture between the Anthropology Department, the College of Education and the Maybuye Center (Archive of the African National Congress) at the University of the Western Cape, South Africa. It is administered through Academic Affairs and housed on the UMSL south campus. The Department of Anthropology, Sociology and Language provides additional expertise in understanding human origin and cultural diversity; the College of Education provides expertise in developing pedagogy and designing curriculum for elementary through high school levels. Building on the 21st Century COE and foundations of anthropological knowledge, the program has designed a 4-12 grade curriculum as well pre-service and in-service teacher instruction guides. CHOCD has been selected by museums and exhibit coordinators to develop and execute both staff and public educational training. It currently provides teacher and academic feed-back to the traveling American Anthropology Association exhibit,Race: Are We So Different? now touring the United States. CHOCD is one of the very few comprehensive, experiential learning-based public anthropology programs in the United States. The program advises education administrators and classroom teachers in the development of social justice and cultural awareness professional development and curriculum that enhances their standard subject presentations and compliments the NCSS, Common Core and MAP standards. Related Links Apply Now Financial Aid Take A Tour Alumni and Friends Donate News and Notes Photo Gallery Professional Development Workshops for teachers Resource activity books CHOCD Blog Biological Anthropology Topics 2. Cultural Anthropology Topics 3. Blackboard 4. Anthropology Home Page Palomar College Home Page Dennis O'Neil Photos on this page reproduced with permission from Corel Corporation, Ottawa, Canada website awards and reviews FAQs for sci.anthropology What are the four fields What's the difference between anthropology and socioogy? Why is sci.anthropology so nasty Is HRAF Are there universals in human culture? How can I protect myself What's a good graduate school in How many races Is English a creole? What is culture? How many The Ik What software is there for drawing Are there any newsgroups General What are the four fields? Why is sci.anthropology so nasty? doesn't matter Is HRAF available on-line? HRAF is not Are there universals in human culture? Professional Various stuff Legal Travel medical insurance What's a good school in forensic anthropology? Bioanthropologic How many races of humans are there? Linguistic Is English a creole? Socio-cultural What is culture? answer . The Ik work Commsoft ABC SnapGraphics Brother's Keeper Archaeologic Skip to main content. Donate Search Field: Search Submit: {search_item} Plan Your Visit Exhibitions Education Research Collections Explore A Topic About Us Get Involved Calendar Department of Anthropology Anthropology Home Research Programs Collections and Archives Training Programs Online Databases Online Exhibits Outreach and Education Publications Recovering Voices Video- Interviews with Staff Video- Founding Collections Staff NMNH Home Research Collections Anthropology Anthropology Outreach Materials Project Archaeology: Smithsonian Sponsors Chesapeake Office The Smithsonians Department of Anthropology is the Chesapeake Regional Office of Project Archaeology , a nationally recognized archaeology education program with regional offices in 20 states. The program develops educational materials for teachers, scout leaders, and museum educators. It conducts workshops for incorporating archaeology in the classroom and provides ongoing regional mentoring between professional archaeologists and educators. Many aspects of the curriculum materials are interdisciplinary. Research Collaborator Maureen Malloy is the part-time volunteer coordinator of the Chesapeake regional office. As the result of many years of developing public outreach materials in addition to the publication of the award-winning publication AnthroNotes , the Department of Anthropology provides a variety of outreach materials online. These materials include leaflets, bibliographies, and teaching activities. A listing of these free online materials is offered below. AnthroLog Latest Print Issue: Winter 2013 Volume 1 issue 1 AnthroNotes Latest Print Issue: Fall 2012 Back issues from Fall 1996 to the present are available online. All 84 issues, from 1979 through winter 2012, are also now available through the Smithsonian Institution Libraries Digital Repository . The pdfs are searchable, allowing users to find specific authors or topics. AnthroNotes Index represents all 33 years of print publication (1979 â 2012) of AnthroNotes , listing the articles and authors in each issue. The secondedition of the AnthroNotes compendium, titled Anthropology Explored: Revised and Expanded ,by SI Books on July 9, 2013 as an E-book, availablefrom Amazon. See the Anthropology Explored website for more information and an online instructorâs guide. Other Resources Anthropolog , back issues of the Department newsletter What is Anthropology? Native Americans: General Topics Teaching Activities Additional Resources Educational Resources from the AAA and the SAA Internship and Fellowship Opportunities Volunteer Opportunities [ TOP ] Smithsonian Institution Privacy Home Contact Press Volunteering Donate Membership Shop IMAX Home Funding Search Funding Opportunities Browse Opportunities A-Z Recent Opportunities Due Dates Preparing Proposals Policies Procedures Merit Review Interdisciplinary Research Transformative Research About Funding Awards About Awards Managing Awards Policies Procedures Award Conditions Search Awards Presidential Honorary Awards Award Statistics (Budget Internet Info System) Discoveries Discoveries Home Arctic Antarctic Astronomy Space Biology Chemistry Materials Computing Earth Environmental Science Education Engineering Mathematics Nanoscience People Society Physics Search Discoveries About Discoveries News News Home For News Media Multimedia Gallery Special Reports News from the Field Research Overviews Speeches Lectures NSF Current Newsletter NSF-Wide Investments News Archive Search News Publications Publications Home Search Publications Obtaining Publications Statistics NCSES Home NCSES Data NCSES Publications NCSES Surveys NCSES Topics Search NCSES About NCSES About NSF About NSF History Visit NSF Contact NSF Staff Directory Organization List Career Opportunities Contracting Opportunities NSF & Congress Budget Performance Assessment Info Partners Broadening Participation/Diversity Office of Diversity & Inclusion Fastlane Quick Links Research Areas Biological Sciences Computer Information Science Engineering Education and Human Resources Engineering Environmental Research Education Geosciences International & Integrative Activities Mathematical Physical Sciences Social, Behavioral & Economic Sciences Learning Resources Film, TV, Exhibits More! Slideshows Photo Galleries Classroom Resources Funding for Research on Learning in Formal Informal Settings Funding Awards Funding Info Search Funding Opportunities Browse Funding Opportunities A-Z Recent Funding Opportunities How to Prepare a Funding Proposal Grant Proposal Guide Submit a Proposal to FastLane Award Info Managing Awards Award Administration Guide Search Awards Award Statistics (Budget Internet Info System) News Discoveries Recent News Recent Discoveries Multimedia Gallery Special Reports Contact Us Staff Directory Organization List Visit NSF Work at NSF Do Business with NSF Press Inspector General Hotline How Do I ? The National Science Foundation 4201 Wilson Boulevard, Arlington, Virginia 22230, USA Tel: (703) 292-5111 FIRS: (800) 877-8339 TDD: (800) 281-8749 SBE HOME SBE FUNDING SBE AWARDS SBE DISCOVERIES SBE NEWS ABOUT SBE Behavioral and Cognitive Sciences (BCS) BCS Home About BCS Funding Opportunities Awards News Events Discoveries Publications Career Opportunities Human Subjects Guidance Human Subjects FAQs View BCS Staff Search BCS Staff SBE Organizations Behavioral and Cognitive Sciences(BCS) National Center for Science and Engineering Statistics(NCSES) Social and Economic Sciences(SES) SBE Office of Multidisciplinary Activities(SMA) Proposals and Awards Proposal and Award Policies and Procedures Guide Introduction Award Conditions Other Types of Proposals Merit Review Other Site Features Special Reports Research Overviews Multimedia Gallery Classroom Resources NSF-Wide Investments CONTACTS Name Email Phone Room jmantz@nsf.gov (703) 292-7783 995 N dwinslow@nsf.gov (703) 292-7315 995 N kkuyuk@nsf.gov (703) 292-4904 995 N PROGRAM GUIDELINES Apply to PD 98-1390 as follows: For full proposals submitted via FastLane: Grant Proposal Guidelines apply. For full proposals submitted via Grants.gov: http://www.nsf.gov/publications/pub_summ.jsp?ods_key=grantsgovguide ) DUE DATES Research Experience for Graduates March 1, Annually Thereafter Research Experience for Undergraduates March 1, Annually Thereafter Senior Research - Fall Funding Cycle August 15, Annually Thereafter Dissertation Research - Fall Funding Cycle August 15, Annually Thereafter Scholars - Fall Funding Cycle August 16, Annually Thereafter Senior Research - Spring Funding Cycle January 15, Annually Thereafter Senior Research - Spring Funding Cycle January 15, Annually Thereafter Dissertation Research - Spring Funding Cycle January 15, Annually Thereafter Scholars - Spring Funding Cycle January 16, Annually Thereafter Full Proposal Target Dates: January 15 and August 15 annually for Senior Research Proposals, Doctoral Dissertation Research Improvement Grant Proposals,most Workshop proposals and proposals for Training Programs. Cultural Anthropology Scholars Target Dates: January 16 and August 16 annually for Faculty Scholars proposals. CAREER Proposals: CAREER proposals must conform to the annually announced NSF-wide CAREER proposal deadline. EAGER, RAPID, and small workshop proposals: EAGER, RAPID, and small workshop proposals may be submitted at any time, with prior permission of the Program Officer. REG and REU supplement proposals: March 1 annually. REG and REU supplement proposals may also be submitted out of cycle, with prior permission of the Program Officer. SYNOPSIS The Cultural Anthropology Program supports basic scientific research about the causes, consequences, and complexities of human social and cultural variability. Cultural anthropologists analyze human social and cultural behavior holistically. This integrated approach makes anthropology a valuable research tool for understanding the modern world.Because cultural patterns are emergent over time and space, there is no single natural scale for ethnographic and ethnological analysis. In some cases, cultural patterns may emerge from the collective behavior of large ensembles of smaller scale units; in others, they may be imposed by larger scale constraints. The origins of social and cultural variability may be remote from the scale at which they are observed. Therefore, research may target any appropriate scale or scales from local to regional to global. The Program encourages innovative research that contributes to building spatially and temporally specific theory that extends understanding beyond individual case studies. The Cultural Anthropology Program accepts proposals for a variety of project types: Senior Research proposals (that is, research proposals from scholars with PhDs or equivalent degree); proposals for Doctoral Dissertation Research Improvement Grants; Cultural Anthropology Scholars awards (for research-related, post-PhD training); and CAREER proposals. The Program will also consider proposals for workshops and training programs, as well as supplements to current awards to support Research Experience for Undergraduates (REU) and Research Experience for Graduate Studies (REG). Research in all sub-fields of cultural anthropology is eligible. Successful proposals are characterized by clear research questions and propositions that will be put to the test through meticulous attention to research design, data collection, and analysis. For more details about the various funding opportunities within the Cultural Anthropology Program, please consult the Cultural Anthropology Program Overview page . RELATED PROGRAMS RELATED URLS THIS PROGRAM IS PART OF What Has Been Funded (Recent Awards Made Through This Program, with Abstracts) Map of Recent Awards Made Through This Program News Events Take our Customer Satisfaction Survey Funding Awards Discoveries News Publications Statistics About NSF Fastlane Research.gov USA.gov National Science Board Recovery Act Budget and Performance Annual Financial Report Web Policies and Important Links Privacy FOIA NO FEAR Act Inspector General Webmaster Contact Site Map Text Only Version View Mobile Site Guest [Log In] [Register] Search Members Calendar FAQ Rules Portal Affiliates AnthroScape: Human Biodiversity Forum Biological Sciences Population Genetics Structure analysis; autosomes; mtDNA; X- and Y-chromosomes; nuclear DNA; aDNA. Vietnamese Ancestry Results (23andMe / GED SailorNeptune 10 viewers Topics: 1,482 Replies: 29,802 Physical Anthropology Racial taxonomy; metric and morphologic traits; anthropometry; heredity and adaptation. do people from the british isles tend to g Crimson Guard 14 viewers Topics: 1,598 Replies: 49,762 Photographic Supplement Examples of races and ethnicities; interesting phenotypes; facial composites; esthetics. Plate Gallery Classifying People Guessing Origins Post a picture of yourself Mirror 33 viewers Topics: 25,777 Replies: 377,429 Subforums: Plate Gallery , Classifying People , Guessing Origins Paleo-Anthropology Evolution of humans and hominids; fossil analysis; pre-history; other primates. Neanderthal Supremacy Nikolas 0 viewers Topics: 395 Replies: 4,068 The Human Mind Intelligence; IQ; cognitive science; neurobiology; personality; behavior; psychology. the genetics of happiness Nikolas 0 viewers Topics: 484 Replies: 12,753 Gender Sexuality Male and female anatomy; sexual selection; reproduction; sexual orientation. Men and women and sex double standards. Delilah 11 viewers Topics: 817 Replies: 46,813 Health Medicine Medical research; disease; disability; addiction; nutrition; fitness; weight; aging. Americans, Obesity, and Vanity Clothing Sizes GenoMann 1 viewer Topics: 439 Replies: 7,376 Social Sciences Demography Geography Vital, social, national and global statistics; ancestry and genealogy; human geography. Images of the World The World according to Americans Misfit 1 viewer Topics: 647 Replies: 20,824 Subforums: Images of the World Inter-Group Relations Conflict and discrimination; attitudes toward diversity and equality; civil and human rights. After, 12 Years a Slave. Peterparker 2 viewers Topics: 853 Replies: 33,011 Politics Ideology Political systems, theories and movements; forms of government; world affairs. mongoloids race status according to white Ilham 0 viewers Topics: 570 Replies: 15,088 History Civilization Past events that have shaped the world; ancient and modern cultures; archaeology. So the Ankh is... topos 2 viewers Topics: 1,134 Replies: 11,786 Philosophy Religion Wisdom, values and ethics; metaphysics; spirituality; world religions; atheism. Muslim countries: Forced conversions to Islam FANBIKE 2 viewers Topics: 391 Replies: 12,762 Linguistics Languages of the world; origins of language families; etymology; phonetics. What this writing means ? ZYX 0 viewers Topics: 435 Replies: 12,537 Futurology Speculation about the future course of human development. Homeless people a thing in the past? objectiverealist 0 viewers Topics: 114 Replies: 2,385 General Discussion News Current Events The latest headlines; interesting news stories, articles, editorials, and blog items. Ukraine vs Russia? catman44 4 viewers Topics: 1,780 Replies: 27,596 Popular Entertainment Movies; TV; music; dance; theater; fashion; cuisine; sports; games; books; humor. Stupidest musical lyrics womp 2 viewers Topics: 822 Replies: 23,768 Miscellany Any subject under the sun that isn't covered elsewhere. Dogs can detect emotion in human voices Crimson Guard 5 viewers Topics: 738 Replies: 16,859 The Lounge Chit-chat; gossip; personal matters; introductions; farewells. Ask 90sboy 90sboy 2 viewers Topics: 1,297 Replies: 56,087 Administration Announcements Latest forum news, announcements and important information. Affiliate Directory Dodona Archives Forum Rules updated; new Warning System; m Ada 0 viewers Topics: 5 Replies: 72 Subforums: Affiliate Directory , Dodona Archives Questions Comments Get help with a problem, make a request or give us your feedback. Code is messed up Tsirkus 0 viewers Topics: 190 Replies: 3,090 Today, 10:29 PM The Baron : Heard that company is doomed. Today, 10:28 PM The Baron : Yes, I know. Today, 10:21 PM XLR8R : @Baron: Union Aerospace Corporation calls me to duty Today, 10:21 PM SmellyCat : There is none truer than you, Baron. Today, 10:20 PM SmellyCat : You are always right. Today, 10:19 PM The Baron : Yes? Today, 10:18 PM The Baron : Just another day at the Black Mesa testing facility, surely nothing will go wrong. Today, 10:18 PM The Baron : Black Meza Today, 10:16 PM SmellyCat : Baron, Today, 10:10 PM catman44 : lol. yes smellycat that tache was rather funny Login to post a message Refresh Archive 145 users online in the past 5 minutes ( 11 Members 128 Guests 6 Anonymous) Crimson Guard Truths The Baron catman44 XLR8R jesus Mirror klk Xanado kenji.aryan Romanoz Validating Members Moderators Board Statistics Total Forum Posts: 805,501 Total Members: 6,204 (The newest member is kaisar ) Aug 24 2010, 04:10 AM , a record 518 users were online. Administration and Moderator List Replies to Your Topics Active Topics Top 10 Posters Today Top 10 Overall Posters Choose a theme: AS Classic AS Dark AS Light AS Original AS Pro Change Hosted for free by ZetaBoards Academy Home Teachers Researchers Go Institute for Biodiversity Science and Sustainability Departments Botany Entomology Invertebrate Zoology and Geology Vertebrate Zoology and Anthropology Anthropology Aquatic Biology Herpetology Ichthyology Ornithology Mammalogy Academy Library Center for Applied Biodiversity Informatics Center for Comparative Genomics Scientific Publications Collections Anthropology Botany Center for Comparative Genomics Entomology Herpetology Ichthyology Invertebrate Zoology and Geology Ornithology Mammalogy People Staff Fellows Opportunities Resources Seminars Courses Anthropology Home Staff Collections Research Publications Online Exhibits Contact Information Home Anthropology Anthropology Highlights People Projects Collection Online Exhibits Welcome to the Department of Anthropology. Our department undertakes research on human evolution and cultural diversity, from our earliest ancestors to the present. Active research projects include the study of hominin fossil remains in Africa, while our permanent collection of ethnographic materials exemplifies cultural variation and adaptation from around the world. Collection strengths include western North America, Oceania and the Pacific rim. Collections The permanent research collection of the Department of Anthropology comprises approximately 16,000 objects, the majority of which are ethnographic. The Department actively collects material of the indigenous cultures of western North America (exclusive of Mexico) and the Pacific Rim, including all Pacific islands and East Asia. Currentstrengths are holdings from the U.S. Southwest and the Pacific islands, and basketry from California. Earlier collections include ethnographic and archaeological materials from East Africa, the Middle East, Europe, and Central and South America. Mayan pottery salvaged from the 1906 earthquake and fire. Video Links Video Links Department History The Department of Anthropology at the California Academy of Sciences was established in 1900, forty-seven years after the insitution's founding. In 1906 however, the department was suspended when the San Francisco earthquake and fire devastated the Academy's premises on Market Street. The conflagration destroyed much of the Anthropology collection, as well as large portions of the collections of other departments. Although the Department of Anthropology was no longer formally recognized, materials and artifacts continued to be amassed by the Academy. By 1976, thanks to the generosity of the Paul L. and Phyllis Wattis Foundation, the Wattis Hall of Human Cultures was opened, featuring the materials collected through the mid-1970s. The Department of Anthropology was re-created at that time, thanks to the endowment of a Chair in Anthropology by the James Irvine Foundation. Today, staff conduct research into various aspects of human evolution as well as ethnographic work related to the Department's collection. The collection consists of nearly 16,000 ethnographic and archaeological items from around the world. The Department actively collects material of the indigenous cultures of western North America and the Pacific Rim. Anthropology in the News Japanese Folk Toys From the Academy Collection Now on Display at SFO Native American Art Exhibit Features Works from the Academy's Collection Academy Receives Donation of Important Historic and Contemporary Navajo Rugs Academy Curator Uses Isoptope Analysis to Determine Early Hominin Dietary Changes Academy Curator Makes Cover of Science To read about these and other departmental news stories, click here . Online Database Search the Anthropology Collection Database Our searchableonline databasefeatures the entire Anthropology collection, with nearly 16,000 objects, all of which include digital images. FAQs Accessing the collection The Anthropology collections are available for study by qualified researchers by advance appointment only. To determine if our collection contains any objects which might prove useful to your research, please visit our online collection database which is searchable by culture, geography, object type, and other selected criteria. If you would like to arrange a visit to view specific objects and/or related documentation, please contact Senior Collection Manager Russell Hartman at rhartman at calacademy dot org or (415) 379-5385. Borrowing collection objects Objects from the Anthropology collections are available for loan to accredited institutions for public exhibitions and limited educational use. Please visit our online collection database to search for objects by culture, geography, object type, and other selected criteria. If you would like to arrange to borrow objects from the collections, contact Senior Collection Manager Russell Hartman at rhartman at calacademy dot org or (415) 379-5385. Final approval of any loan is at the discretion of the Collection Manager and/or Curator of the Department of Anthropology. Donating objects The Department of Anthropology actively collects materials from the indigenous cultures of western North America (exclusive of Mexico) and the Pacific Rim, including all Pacific islands and East Asia. Select items from outside these areas may also be accessioned when they complement and enhance current holdings. The Department relies almost exclusively on donations to expand its collection. Although our collection is primarily composed of ethnographic materials, items from any time period may be considered. Objects retaining good provenance data are highly preferred. Acceptance of donations is at the discretion of the Collection Manager and Curator of the Department of Anthropology. If you are interesting in donating to the department, please contact Senior Collection Manager Russell Hartman at rhartman at calacademy dot org or (415) 379-5385. Identifying objects Staff of the Department of Anthropology may be able to assist in identifying cultural affiliation, date of manufacture, material, and/or other aspects of anthropological items of types or from cultures with which we have expertise. If you have an object with which you believe we might be of assistance, please contact Senior Collection Manager Russell Hartman at rhartman at calacademy dot org or (415) 379-5385. For non-anthropological items, please contact the Academyâs Naturalist Center or the relevant Research department. Appraising objects Professional standards prohibit Academy staff members from appraising items or recommending an appraiser. Please locate a professional appraiser qualified in the area relevant to your item(s). Internships The Department of Anthropology is currently accepting intern applications in collections management, to assist with our ethnographic collection digitization project. Internships are unpaid and usually count towards course credit. All positions have been filled through spring 2014. Applications for summer 2014 are due by May 15 . For a full description of the position and instructions on how to apply, click here . For more information, contact the department at (415) 379-5385 or email rhartman at calacademy dot org . Volunteer opportunities There are currently no volunteer positions available in the Department of Anthropology. The Department of Anthropology periodically has volunteer opportunities in collections management. If you are interested in volunteering, please contact the Academy's Volunteer Department at (415) 379-5111 or via email at volunteer at calacademy dot org to request an application. Online database The entire Anthropology collection database is available and searchable online, including digital images for the entire collection. Publishing permission Requests for permission to publish are required in writing. Downloadable PDF forms are available for Permission to Publish Photographic Materials and for Permission to Publish Written Materials . Fees may apply. Please print out the appropriate page, fill in all requested data, and send it to the address listed at the bottom of the form. For further assistance, please contact Senior Collection Manager Russell Hartman at rhartman at calacademy dot org or (415) 379-5385. Research News Early Human Diets The old saying âYou are what you eatâ? takes on new significance in the most comprehensive analysis to date of early human teeth from Africa. First Foodies Expanded Diet 3.5 Million Years Ago Our ancestors used to dine almost exclusively on leaves and fruits from trees, shrubs and herbs until 3.5mya when a major shift occurred, according to four new simultaneously published studies. Turning Point for Early Human Diets Occurred 3.5 Million Years Ago A series of 4 scientific papers shows evidence of an expanding variety of plant foods, written into the enamel of fossil teeth. Fossilized Teeth Show Big Shifts in Diet Zeresenay Alemseged and others study diet via powder from fossilized hominid teeth. California Academy of Sciences | Institute for Biodiversity Science and Sustainability Departments: Botany Entomology Invertebrate Zoology and Geology Vertebrate Zoology and Anthropology Anthropology Aquatic Biology Herpetology Ichthyology Ornithology Mammalogy Academy Library Center for Applied Biodiversity Informatics Center for Comparative Genomics Scientific Publications Quick Links: Collections People Opportunities Resources Seminars Courses California Academy of Sciences Home | Privacy Policy Skip to Main Content Search ASC Home About Us Consulting Services Education Projects Publications Interpretation Outreach Site Map Contact Us Help ASC What's New at the ASC David A. Fredrickson In memoriam South of Market: Historical Archaeology of 3 San Francisco Neighborhoods The San FranciscoOakland Bay Bridge, West Approach Project Life Force Archaeological Commentary from Michael Newland as told to Perspectives, KQED Public Radio Nearly Neighbors Archaeological Investigations for the High Street Seismic Retrofit Project Historical Archaeology at High Street, Oakland, California SHARD sonoma historic artifact research database A system to catalog artifacts from midâ?19th to earlyâ?century archaeological sites. Welcome The Anthropological Studies Center has been assisting environmental firms, non-profit organizations, private property owners, and government agency clients with archaeological sites, Native American concerns, and historic buildings since 1974. Our deep working knowledge of state and federal regulations, coupled with solid scholarly research, has earned ASC and its staff numerous awards: the American Society of Civil Engineers Award of Merit , the California Governorâs Award for Historic Preservation , Society for California Archaeologyâs Thomas F. King Award in Cultural Resources Management , the SCAâs Martin A. Baumhoff Special Achievement in Research Award , and the SCAâs Harrington Award for preservation and public archaeology . ASC is led by Dr. Adrian Praetzellis , a practicing archaeologist with over 25 years experience. The organizationâs large staff is managed by Mary Praetzellis, M.A., who is also a Registered Historian. ASC has a core staff of 17 full-time and 15 part-time employees, including 9 Registered Professional Archaeologists and a Registered Professional Historian, among whom are historical and prehistoric archaeologists, an oral historian, a staff editor, an archaeological laboratory manager, field and lab technicians, as well as report production, computer graphics, and GIS specialists. Want to hire us? Learn more about our consulting services Learn more about Cultural Resource Management More about us | Mission Statement | Annual Report 2012â2013 Anthropological Studies Center | Tel. (707) 664-2381 | Fax. (707) 664-4155 | email us Copyright ÂŠ2014 Anthropological Studies Center Skip to Main Content Skip to Secondary Navigation Back to Homepage Site People myRedDragon Calendar Library Offices A-Z Visitors Guide Future Students Current Students Faculty/Staff Alumni Parents/Families Community About Us Academics Admissions Cost/Aid Student Life Athletics Giving Sociology/Anthropology Department Majors/Minors Courses Faculty/Staff Related Links Clubs/Societies News Careers Photo Gallery Internships and Study Abroad Opportunities Rozanne Brooks Museum Department Information Chair: Dr. Herbert Haines Sharon Steadman (Acting) Phone: 607-753-2726 Fax: 607-753-5973 Email: amanda.halliwell@cortland.edu Hours: 8 a.m.-4 p.m. Monday through Friday Home Sociology/Anthropology Department Sociology/Anthropology Department Overview When you explore sociology and anthropology at SUNY Cortland, youll immerse yourself in the study of the human condition. Youll examine how societies and cultures are formed and how they shape and are shaped by human behavior. Youll develop analytical, critical thinking and creative problem-solving skills that are vital in any walk of life. Classes are small, led by faculty who are eager to help you succeed. Opportunities for independent research, internships, fieldwork, study abroad and service-learning will let you put classroom theory to the test in the real world. The list of possible career paths is long and diverse. Our graduates have gone on to successful careers as educators, social service professionals, counselors, health care providers, in law and law enforcement and in many other fields. News Panel Explores Miscommunication Across Cultures February 25, 2014 â Production Rescheduled for Fall February 21, 2014 Grad Connections Bring Cortland to Sochi February 21, 2014 Clients Enter Kelly Glynnâs World of Wonder February 21, 2014 College Plans 24-Hour Fundraising Challenge for Feb. 27 February 21, 2014 View More News Majors/Minors Anthropology [ANT] Anthropology Minor [ANT] Anthropology: Concentration in Americas Archaeology [ANT/AARC] or World Archaeology [ANT/WARC] Anthropology: Concentration in Applied Anthropology [ANT/APPL] Anthropology: Concentration in Ethnic Studies [ANT/ETHS] Archaeology Minor [ARC] Archaeology: Concentration in Americas Archaeology [ARC_AARC] or World Archaeology [ARC_WARC] Criminology [CRIM] Dual Major in Adolescence Education: Social Studies and Anthropology (7-12) [SST and ANT] Dual Major in Adolescence Education: Social Studies and Sociology (7-12) [SST and SOC] Social Gerontology Minor [SGRT] Sociology [SOC] Sociology Minor [SOC] Sociology: Concentration in Criminology [SOC/CRIM] Sociology: Concentration in Social Gerontology [SOC/SGRT] Clubs/Societies The department ofSociology/Anthropology, has a Sociology/Anthropology Club and Criminology Club, as well as National Honor Society in Sociology; Alpha Kappa Delta, and a National Honor Society in Criminology; Alpha Phi Sigma.In addition, our department also presents Read More About Sociology/Anthropology Department Clubs Maps/Directions Campus Safety Off-Campus Locations Site Map Employment The College Store Contact Us Skip to content Ask us myUnisa Adjust text size About Study Colleges Research Alumni Library News media Contact us Home About us Courses Anthropology Archaeology Staff members News and Events African Centre for Arts, Culture and Heritage Studies Our Museum Home Colleges College of Human Sciences Schools, departments, centres, institutes units School of Humanities Anthropology and Archaeology Anthropology Anthropology and Archaeology Anthropology Anthropologists study the culture of living people. If you want to know why people cross the road at the zebra-crossing, or why they believe in witchcraft, or why some groups sanction marriage between cousins and others not, you ask an anthropologist.They study how people adapt to their environment (or adapt their environment to them) , how they organise their societies, and the shared systems of meaning and belief that they develop. Anthropologists gather this information by observing and talking to people. Unisa Departmentof Anthropology on Facebook Anthropology courses Annual student excursion Departmental projects Postgraduate research projects Links Facebook Twitter YouTube Calendar Events International students Students with disabilities Unisa Open Give to Unisa Vacancies Tenders Unisa Shop UNGC Copyright Terms Conditions Institutional memberships Legislation University of South Africa P O Box 392 Unisa 0003 Directions English Afrikaans Department of Music UP Home Department of Music Home UP Symphony Orchestra UP Symphonic Winds Music Library FAQs about Music Community Contact Department of Music Values, vision and mission Music News and Events Music Staff Undergraduate modules Training in Music Therapy Site links Faculties Select One Economic and Management Sciences Education Engineering, Built Environment & IT GIBS Business School Health Sciences Humanities Law Natural & Agricultural Sciences Theology Veterinary Science Academic Departments Select One Accounting African Languages Afrikaans Agricultural Economics, Extension and Rural Development Anaesthesiology Anatomical Pathology Anatomy Anatomy & Physiology Ancient Languages Animal and Wildlife Sciences Anthropology & Archaeology Architecture Auditing Automotive Focus Group Biblical & Religious Studies Biochemistry Biokinetics, Sport & Leisure Sciences Business Management Chemical Engineering Chemistry Church History & Church polity Civil Engineering Communication Pathology Community Dentistry Companion Animal Clinical Studies Computer Science Construction Economics Consumer Science Critical Care Dental Management Sciences Distance Education Dogmatics & Christian Ethics Drama Department Early Childhood and Education Economics Education Management and Policy Studies Educational Psychology Electrical, Electronic and Computer Engineering Engineering Services Science English Family Medicine Financial Management Food Science Forensic Medicine Genetics Geography, Geoinformatics and Meteorology Geology Haematology Historical & Heritage Studies Human Nutrition Human Resource Management Humanities Education Immunology Industrial and Systems Engineering Informatics Information Science Insurance and Actuarial Science Journalism Legal History Life Cycle Engineering Marketing Management Materials Science and Metallurgical Engineering Mathematics and Applied Mathematics Maxillo-Facial and Oral Surgery Mechanical and Aeronautical Engineering Medical Microbiology Medical Oncology Medical Virology Mercantile Law Microbiology & Plant Pathology Mining Engineering Modern European Languages Music Neurology New Testament Studies Nuclear Medicine Nursing Science Occupational Therapy Odontology Old Testament Studies Oral Pathology and Oral Biology Orthodontics Orthopaedic Surgery Otorhinolaryngology Paediatrics and Child Health Paraclinical Sciences Periodontics and Oral Medicine Pharmacology Philosophy Philosophy & Ethics of Mental Health Physics Physiology Physiology Physiotherapy Plant Production and Soil Science Plant Science Political Sciences Practical Theology Private Law Procedural Law Production Animals Studies Prosthodontics Psychiatry Psychology Public Law Radiation Oncology Radiography Radiology Railway Engineering School of Public Management & Administration Science of Religion and Missiology Science, Mathematics & Technology Social Work & Criminology Sociology Statistics Surgery Taxation Tourism Management Town and Regional Planning Urology Veterinary Tropical Diseases Visual Arts Zoology & Entomology Units Centres Select One AFAM AFRINEM Andrology Clinic Animal Use and Care Committee (AUCC) UP Natural Hazard Centre Blue Bulls Tuks Rugby Academy Botanical Garden CBT (Computer-based Testing) Centre for Advanced Corporate & Insolvency Law Centre for the Advancement of Scholarship Centre for Augmentative & Alternative Communication Centre for Business and Professional Ethics (CBPE) Centre for Child Law Centre for Communication and Reputation Management Centre for Contextual Ministry Centre for Early Intervention in Communication Pathology (CEICP) Centre for Environmental Studies Centre for Evaluation and Assessment Centre for Geoinformation Science Centre for Human Rights Centre for Inclusive Banking in Africa Centre for Leisure Studies Centre for Public Theology Centre for Responsible Leadership Centre for Sustainable Malaria Control Centre for Veterinary Wildlife Studies Centre for Wildlife Management Centre for Intellectual Property Law Clinical Pathology Community Project Module Diagnostic Imaging Distance Education Unit ECIS2010 Environmental and Occupational Health Track Equine Medicine & Surgery Equine Research Centre FABI Forest Science Postgraduate Programme Genomics Research Institute Hans Hoheisen Wildlife Research Station Hervormde Teologiese Kollege Human Economy Programme Institute of Applied Materials Institute for Cellular and Molecular Medicine Institute for Food, Nutrition and Well-being Institute for International and Comparative Law in Africa Institute for Sports Research Institute for Strategic Studies Institute for Technological Innovation Institute for Women's and Gender Studies Investment & Trade Policy Centre IT Labs Laboratory for Microscopy and Microanalysis Mammal Research Institute Mpepu Rural Youth Encouragement Museums & Collections Objects Conservation Facility OIE Collaborating Centre Phytomedicine Programme Plant Biotechonology Training Programme Postgraduate School of Agriculture & Rural Development Postgraduate Student Association for the Natural and Agricultural Sciences (PSANA) Psychology @ Itsoseng SARETI SASGPH Sci-Enza: Hands-on Science! Wetenskap in Aksie! Section Sports Medicine Sentrum vir bedieningsontwikkeling Small Animal Medicine Telematic Centre The National Tissue Bank The Onderstepoort Veterinary Genetics Laboratory Theatres and Halls Thermofluids Research Group Translation Services Tuks Camerata Unit for Academic Literacy Unit for Creative Writing Unit for Education Research (ERA Unit) Unit for Policy Studies UP Business Incubator UP Campus Tours UP Chorale UP Law Clinic Home Page UP Symphony Orchestra UP Water Institute UP with Science Veterinary Hospital Wildlife health, management and production Support Services Select One Academic Administration Advancement: Fundraising Centre for the Study of Aids (CSA) Client Service Centre Community Engagement Department of Institutional Advancement Department of Institutional Planning Department of University Relations Department Facilities Management Department of Library Services Education Innovation Finance Human Resources Department IT Services Office of the Registrar Procurement Research Risk Management and Internal Audit Security Services Student Accommodation Student Administration Student Affairs TuksSport UP Arts Web Office Welcome to the Department of Music The Music Department belongs to the Faculty of Humanities of the University of Pretoria. The Department caters for practical music, music education and musicology, thus uniting fields of study that in Europe would be divided between university and conservatory. Besides offering tuition in all the usual instruments of Western art music, we are placing increasing emphasis on the study and performance of indigenous African music, jazz and popular styles. Our BMus and BA (Mus) programmes offer tuition in all these styles. The Department also offers the only Music Therapy programme on the continent (at master's level). Head of the Music Department: Prof Wim Viljoen . News Faculty of Veterinary Science launches first veterinary online information portal (AfriVIP) in Africa - 25/02/2014 [Read More] Research Focus: Send in the Perfect Business Rescue Practitioner - 25/02/2014 [Read More] Research project on transnational labour relations - 25/02/2014 [Read More] UPs High Performance Centre prepares athletes for Olympic Games - 25/02/2014 [Read More] Pinnacle of scholarly work celebrated with new monograph - 23/02/2014 [Read More] UP ranked for its Accounting Education research - 21/02/2014 [Read More] Strengthening the Rule of Law by Following the German Model? - 20/02/2014 [Read More] Quick links Academic Programmes Apply for admission Research Yearbooks Library Finance Accommodation Campuses CE at UP UP News & Events About UP Faculties Maps & Directions Contact Us Report a bug Sitemap Print Page Terms and conditions Sonja Cruywagen Department of Anthropology University of Copenhagen Hop til / Skip to : Indhold / Content Global navigation Oversigt / Site navigation Sg / Search Ekstra information / Sidebar Kolofon / Footer Sg / Search Shortcuts Introduction Studies Research Business International Alumni News/Press Faculties Departments Libraries Museums Global navigation Dansk KUnet (intranet) Phone Book News New MSc track The Department of Anthropology offers a new MSc track: Business and Organisational Anthropology. This track focuses on studies of business activities and life in organisations by anthropological methods and theory. You can read about the study programme, competence profile, application and admission here. International students Department of Anthropology has various international activities including international research and student exchange with universities abroad. Read more... Oversigt / Site navigation Department of Anthropology Home About the Department Staff Research Studies PhD Programme Libraries Collaborative projects Press Contact Faculty of Social Sciences Ekstra information / Sidebar Publications Find your way at CSS Click here to download a map of CSS. The Department of Anthropology is located in building 16 (and partly in building 8 and 18). Kolofon / Footer Institut for Antropologi University of Copenhagen webmaster anthro . ku . dk Cookies and privacy policy Quicklinks Admissions Find a Course Regulations International Masters Programme DegreePlus Campus Map Campus FM Events Job Opportunities Library Custom Travel Information Malta University Holding Company Ltd Malta University Press News on Campus Activate UoM IT Account (Students) Manage UoM IT Account eSIMS AIMS Virtual Learning Environment (VLE) Webmail Bibliographic Management Software (RefWorks) Mediterranean Institute Governing Board Academic Staff Conferences and Workshops Public Seminars Research Projects Student Research Recent Ph.D. Theses Home Welcome to the Mediterranean Institute Website The Mediterranean Institute promotes, facilitates and publishes interdisciplinary academic research on the Mediterranean, with the principal aim of a better understanding of the evolution, history, and environment of this region, with particular reference to its societies and cultures. The main aims of the Mediterranean Institute are: to promote research on the Mediterranean by bringing together academics from different disciplines (from both the Arts/Humanities and the Social and Natural Sciences), to promote a holistic understanding of the region, and its cultures and peoples across time, through conferences, seminars and ongoing networking with other specialised centres and institutes overseas to operate as a resource centre for the provision of specialists and expertise on Mediterranean issues, and to offer services to public authorities, as well as to other institutions, private organisations and individuals, as the Governing Board may from time to time determine to offer taught postgraduate degree programmes at Masters of Science level, and provide multi and trans-disciplinary supervision for Doctoral research on the Mediterranean to attract external funding for specific research projects, including joint ones with other similar specialised centres, as determined by the Governing Board. The Institute publishes an international Journal of Mediterranean Studies as well as other scholarly literature dealing with, amongst others, the history, culture, environment, economy, politics, and societies, of the Mediterranean. Calendar Notices Quarantine Studies Network: Mediterranean under quarantine - Call for papers Supervision for M.A./Ph.D research The Mediterranean Institute is providing trans-disciplinary supervision for Masters of Arts and Doctoral research... 6th EASA Mediterraneanist Network (MedNet) Scientific Workshop The 6th EASA Mediterraneanist Network (MedNet) Scientific Workshop 'Connecting Spaces, constructing places, constituting memories: Comparative approaches in the anthropology of the Mediterranean' is going to be held between 31 October and 3 November 2013 at the Mediterranean Institute, Ir-Razzett tal-Hursun, University of Malta. Further details can be obtained here . Public Seminars A series of 7 public seminars are going to be held between 26th November 2013 and 6th May 2014 at the Mediterranean Institute, Ir-Razzett tal-Hursun, University of Malta at 17.30hrs. Further details can be obtained here Research Projects The Mediterranean Institute has launched the following three trans-disciplinary research projects as part of its research strategy for the next three years. Academics and independent scholars who are interested in contributing to any one of these research teams should contact the principal coordinator of this research programme: Prof John Chircop. The research themes are: Development and Underdevelopment in the Mediterranean; Water; Thalassic Imaginaries - the Narratives of Sea Communities. For further details please click here . Call for Papers Call for Papers for the international conference: Intercultural Hybridity in Mediterranean Civilizations Other Notices University of Malta, Msida MSD 2080, Malta Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy University of Malta L-UniversitĂ  ta' Malta Leiden University Faculty of Social and Behavioural Sciences Nederlands CA-DS Social and Behavioural Sciences Subject Person Research Organisation Library Contact Social and Behavioural Sciences About Cultural Anthropology and Development Sociology Why Cultural Anthropology and Development Sociology? Cultural Anthropology and Development Sociology studies diverse societies worldwide with the aim of understanding the cultural complexity within those societies and the processes through which societies build connections with each other. Read more Contact information Contact details of the Institute of Cultural Anthropology and Development Sociology Read more Online community CA-DS Leiden launched The institute of Cultural Anthropology and Development Sociology (CA-DS) of Leiden University has launched the online community caosleiden.wordpress.com today. On this platform you can read all about CA-DS Leiden. Read more Students Information for prospective and current BA and MA students Faculty & Staff Information for new and current staff members (in Dutch) Visitors Contact information Route description Direct Links: Dutch homepage Bachelor's programme Master's programme Blackboard e-Prospectus Readeronline Student Services Centre uMail/uSis Staff members Graduate School Master Thesis Lab Self Service Portal/Webmail Facebook CA-DS LinkedIn CA-DS CA-DS Online Community Leiden Anthropology Blog stay connected: Disclaimer ++++++++++++++++++++ Hovednavigasjon (hopp) Hovedinnholdet (hopp) Temanavigasjon (hopp) Kontaktinformasjon (hopp) Forsiden UiO Det samfunnsvitenskapelige fakultet Sosialantropologisk institutt (SAI) Universitetet i Oslo Sosialantropologisk institutt (SAI) Det samfunnsvitenskapelige fakultet For ansatte English website SĂ¸k i Sosialantropologisk institutt (SAI) SĂ¸k Meny SĂ¸k Forsiden SAI Forskning Studier Livet rundt studiene Tjenester og verktĂ¸y Om instituttet Personer Studier Bachelor Sosialantropologi Master (2 ĂĽr) Sosialantropologi Forskerutdanning: PhD Sosialantropologi Finn emner Finn emner SĂ¸k Finn pensumlister, forelesningstider og notater fra emner innen sosialantropologi Logg inn pĂĽ Fronter GĂĽ til studier Forskning For mer magi pĂĽ arbeidsplassen 28. jan. 2014 08:42 Hvordan fremme kreativitet pĂĽ arbeidsplassen? I arkitektfirmaet SnĂ¸hetta er det magi som gjelder. Dette er noe flere bedrifter bĂ¸r satse pĂĽ, mener sosialantropolog Aina Landsverk Hagen. Vi forsker pĂĽ Globalisering Materiell kultur og forbruk Minoriteter og etnisitet Natur, kultur og samfunn Nordisk kultur Politikk, kultur, og identitet Religion og ritualer Sosialantropologi Symboler GĂĽ til forskning Aktuelt A place that was left behind Cheap labour = rising tensions? A short letter from the field â researchers trying to inform government policy GĂĽ til aktuelt om instituttet Publikasjoner Cutting and Connecting: 'Afrinesian' Perspectives on Networks, Relationality, and Exchange Objects Materials: A Routledge Companion Divide and Rule: Nature and Society in a Global Forest Programme GĂĽ til publikasjoner Personer Finn ansatte og studenter Alle personer Tjenester og verktĂ¸y Bibliotek GĂĽ til tjenester og verktĂ¸y Ledige stillinger Postdoctoral position in Social Anthropology Avdeling: Sosialantropologisk institutt SprĂĽk: English (UK) SĂ¸knadsfrist: 17 March 2014 Arrangementer Etnografisk film: Smokin' Fish Instituttseminaret SAI: Frida Hastrup Natural Goods? Raw Materials and Global Currents Instituttseminaret SAI: Peter L. Geschiere The 'Witchcraft of the House' Going Global Etnografisk film: Playing between elephants Instituttseminaret SAI: Andrew Mathews innleder Alle arrangementer I media MinoritetssprĂĽklig tĂĽkelegging Om giverglede Australia under Abbott Sinne i den norske offentligheten - Ingjerd HoĂŤm pĂĽ P2 Ekko GĂĽ til SAI i media OVERHEATING UiO Det samfunnsvitenskapelige fakultet Forskning Aktuelt innen forskning Forskergrupper Forskningsprosjekter Om Publikasjoner Mer... Studier Kontaktinformasjon LĂŚringsressurser Om studier Livet rundt studiene Alumni Programutvalg Studentdemokrati Studentorganisasjoner Studenttidsskrifter Tjenester og verktĂ¸y Bibliotek IT-tjenester Faglige ressurser Om instituttet Aktuelt Jobb ved instituttet Kontaktinformasjon Organisasjon Samarbeid med instituttet Mer... Personer Administrativt ansatte Vitenskapelig ansatte Forskning Studier Livet rundt studiene Tjenester og verktĂ¸y Om instituttet Personer Sosialantropologisk institutt (SAI) Det samfunnsvitenskapelige fakultet BesĂ¸ksadresse Eilert Sundts Hus ( kart ) Moltke Moes vei 31 0851 OSLO Postadresse Postboks 1091 Blindern 0317 OSLO Telefon, faks, e-post 22856526 22854502 henvendelser@sai.uio.no Ansvarlig for denne siden: NettredaktĂ¸r ved Sosialantropologisk institutt Logg inn Drevet av Vortex 
