 click any image Black Ant House Fly Honeybee Fruit Fly Fly Face More Bugs Darth Termite Roach Bedbug Aphid Cat Flea Jumping Spider Head Louse More Always a part of you Cells Neuron Red Blood Cells Capillary More Grows on you Mold Bacteria Leptospira More Stuff Spores Copepods rule the earth Gaussia Pleuromamma Sensory setae Image Use Methods Links Credits Comments? MicroAngela 
           Home Main Exhibits About Bacteria What are bacteria? Other Microorganisms Bacteriology Applied bacteriology Bacteriophages Bacteria and our senses Pathogenic Bacteria Pathogens Pathogenicity Epidemiology Food And Water Safety Food safety Water safety Good Bacteria in Food How We Fight Bacteria The immune system Antibiotics Vaccination Evolution The origin of life Mutations in bacteria Extremophiles Commensals Special Features Files Bacteria and crime Bacterial Diseases in History Bugs and Microbugs Images of Bacteria Microbial Ecology The Plague Wine and vinegar making Bacteria and plants Bioterrorism Bacterial Species Files Guest entries About this Museum History of this Museum Trudy Wassenaar, Curator Martin Blaser, Founder FAQ Contact us Guided tour 1 About Bacteria 2 Pathogenic Bacteria 3 Food And Water Safety 4 How We Fight Bacteria 5 Evolution 6 Special Features Files Write a Guest entry! You can write a guest entry and publish it in the museum. Choose your pet subject and browse the internet for relevant links. Write your text for a general audience. The entries will be reviewed by the curator before publication. Contact us Search this site Search... Our current sponsor SfAM is the voice of applied microbiology and oldest microbiology society in the UK. Its object is to advance for the benefit of the public the science of microbiology in ... Read More Our current sponsor The Foundation for Bacteriology provides financial support to research and dissemination projects related to bacteriology. M.J. Blaser, President to the Virtual Museum of Bacteria! Our current sponsors are the Society for Applied Microbiology (UK) and the Foundation for Bacteriology (USA). Thanks to their support, the Museum can now be conveniently viewed on tablet and smartphone as well as on PC For an introduction about bacteria, you can take a guided tour through the main exhibits , as indicated by the numbers in the menu to the left. Once you get started, you can follow the signs to the next exhibit. Take the guided tour Each special feature file treats a specific aspect of bacteria that may be outside the mainstream of most bacteriologists. In these files the author has included links that are only loosely related to bacteria per se, but that nevertheless may be of interest to the reader... To the Special Features In case you are looking for information on a particular bacterial species or name, it is best to check out our Bacterial Species Files. These pages do not tell a story, but present a list of ordered, relevant links. Otherwise, use the search option to search for keywords To the Species Files Enjoy your visit! Book recommendation Bacteria: The Benign, the Bad, and the Beautiful Dr. Trudy Wassenaar Publisher's info Latest News The Virtual Museum of Bacteria is now available on smartphone, tablet, iPhone and iPad. Enjoy! Article last modified Mycobacterium leprae Dr. T. M. Wassenaar View the organism: Mycobacterium leprae under the microscope (D. Kunkel). Collection sites, home-pages T... READ MORE... Most popular article About bacteria: Overview Dr. T. M. Wassenaar Bacteria are everywhere, but their small size makes them invisible. Maybe you don't even have a clear idea ... READ MORE... Home Main Exhibits Special Features Files Bacterial Species Files Guest entries About this Museum © 1998-2013 Contents: Trudy Wassenaar www.mmgc.eu www.farkas.de 
 About Microbiology Login Join Submit GO All Content News Video Images Resources My Collections Submissions Tags Search MicrobeWorld Home News Video Images Resources Podcasts MicrobeWorld App Subscribe via Email Microbes After Hours Click for more " Microbes After Hours " videos Featured Image Featured Video Supporters Getting Started with MicrobeWorld More "How to" Videos: Register | Profile | Submit Interact | User Tools Most Popular Most Recent All Time Year Month Week TWiV 273: Lambda is not just a phage Hosts: Vincent Racaniello , Dickson Despommier , 0 Comment(s) 1423 View(s) submitted by profvrr on February 23, 2014 Using Microbes to Generate Electricity 2 Comment(s) 814 View(s) submitted by rortega on February 19, 2014 Death toll from H1N1 rises as strain returns, with ‘young invincibles’ most affected 0 Comment(s) 710 View(s) submitted by ccondayan on February 19, 2014 On a Cellular Level, We Are ALL Overachievers! 0 Comment(s) 605 View(s) submitted by Mark O. Martin on February 19, 2014 TWiP 67: They find each other delightful Hosts: Vincent Racaniello Dickson Despommier Vincent and Dickson...      0 Comment(s) 583 View(s) submitted by profvrr on February 22, 2014 More Evidence Shows Whooping Cough Evolving In Response To Its Vaccine 0 Comment(s) 534 View(s) submitted by agwartney on February 21, 2014 Ice Nucleation Bacteria, Twitter, and Me! 2 Comment(s) 102 View(s) submitted by Mark O. Martin on February 25, 2014 In Search of the Perfect Gut Microbiome with a Tribe of Tanzanian Hunter-Gatherers 0 Comment(s) 495 View(s) submitted by garthh on February 23, 2014 S. aureus on MSA Plate 0 Comment(s) 481 View(s) submitted by kliske1229 on February 20, 2014 How to give a great lecture 0 Comment(s) 474 View(s) submitted by profvrr on February 21, 2014 What’s Vibrio Fischeri? Why, Possibly the State Microbe! 0 Comment(s) 435 View(s) submitted by garthh on February 23, 2014 First Fecal Transplant Bank Opens 0 Comment(s) 399 View(s) submitted by agwartney on February 20, 2014 TWiP 67 letters CN writes: Greetings Profs, After having listened to your discussions on Plasmodium (TWiP 64), I explored papers on treatment options that are actually available. After having read some papers, I realized that one of the main roadblocks are the hypnozoite...      0 Comment(s) 360 View(s) submitted by profvrr on February 22, 2014 BacterioFiles Micro Edition 156 - Killing Chemicals Cancel Chemotherapy Quality This episode: Gut bacteria seem to be important for different kinds of anti-cancer chemotherapy treatments! (9.4 MB, 10.25 minutes) Show notes: News item<...      0 Comment(s) 326 View(s) submitted by BacterioFiles on February 25, 2014 Influenza virus galloped its way to humans through horses and not just birds 0 Comment(s) 291 View(s) submitted by agwartney on February 21, 2014 Nazis Studied Using Mosquitoes As Biological Weapons 0 Comment(s) 286 View(s) submitted by agwartney on February 20, 2014 Flu deaths in North Carolina rise to 64 0 Comment(s) 270 View(s) submitted by ccondayan on February 20, 2014 Probiotic treatment for vaginal thrush on the way 0 Comment(s) 260 View(s) submitted by agwartney on February 21, 2014 How a Microbe Resists its Own Antibiotics 0 Comment(s) 252 View(s) submitted by garthh on February 23, 2014 Step forward for malaria vaccine 0 Comment(s) 249 View(s) submitted by agwartney on February 20, 2014 Receive Daily Email Follow Most Recent Start Prev 1 2 Next End back to top Blogs Podcasts and Videos ASM Science Sponsorship Publications About Contact ASM Videos and Podcasts What is a Microbe? Where They Live Virus or Bacterium? Viral vs. Bacterial Reproduction Microbe Gallery Types of Microbes Archaea Viruses Bacteria Fungi Protista Microbial Mergers Interesting Facts Everyday Roles How Do They Do That? Microbial Record Holders Evolution in Action DNA: Blueprint for Life Microbial Reproduction Microbial Mutations Careers in Microbiology Types of Careers How to Get Started in Microbiology Career Profiles Audio Interviews Science is Boring and other Myths Tools of the Trade History of Microbiology 1870s–1880s 1890s-1900s 1910s-1920s 1930s-1940s 1950s-1960s 1970s-Present Classroom Experiments Biosphere in a Bottle Bread Bag Nightmares Caught Dirty Handed Creepy Critters Fun with Fomites Let's Get Small Microbial Slime Now You See It... Yeast on the Rise Washup.org Why is Handwashing Important? When Should I Wash? See Our Survey Download Brochures Download Poster Bulk Order Fact Sheet Handwashing Videos Handwashing Quiz Handwashing Experiment Podcasts Videos American Society for Microbiology 2012 1752 N Street, N.W. • Washington, DC 20036-2904 • (202) 737-3600 Copyright © American Center for Microbiology 2012. All Rights Reserved. 

 Skip directly to search Skip directly to A to Z list Skip directly to site content Skip directly to page options CDC Home CDC 24/7: Saving Lives. Protecting People. Search The CDC Note: Javascript is disabled or is not supported by your browser. For this reason, some items on this page will be unavailable. For more information about this message, please visit this page: About CDC.gov . This Page Has Been Removed The page you requested has been removed. The National Center for Zoonotic, Vector-Borne, and Enteric Diseases (NCZVED) and the National Center for Preparedness, Detection, and Control of Infectious Diseases (NCPDCID) have been realigned into the "National Center for Emerging and Zoonotic Infectious Diseases" (NCEZID). Please visit the NCEZID site at www.cdc.gov/ncezid . Email page link Print page Contact Us: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 800-CDC-INFO cdcinfo@cdc.gov File Formats Help: How do I view different file formats (PDF, DOC, PPT, MPEG) on this site? Email Print Updates Page last reviewed: March 1, 2011 Page last updated: March 1, 2011 Content source: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention National Center for Emerging and Zoonotic Infectious Diseases (NCEZID) Home A-Z Index Site Map Policies Using this Site Link to Us All Languages CDC Mobile Contact CDC Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 1600 Clifton Rd. Atlanta, GA 30333, USA Contact CDCINFO A-Z Index A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z # 
 Search WWW ATSU/KCOM l MAOPA: Microbiology of Wounds l l DO School COMLEX Pass rate; Level 1 l AACOM l AIDS/HIV Update (2011) l l l l l Gettings Family Questions: New! 11/18/13 ; Test your microbial knowledge with this family's illnesses. Note this family is fictional the diseases are not. Will add new questions as I get time. . : The common causes of various diseases. Nearly all the Bugs that Cause: Cancer Skin and Eye Infections Tick-Borne Infections Pneumonia (bacteria) Arthropod Borne Diseases Gastrointestinal Infections Developed at KCOM: Betty White Helen Sparks Bob Roberts Disease? - *Where is ATSU/KCOM? . Computerized KCOM Disclaimer Take Care and Think Microbiologically! Recommended Infections from drinking raw milk Photo Gallery of Pathogenic Bacteria Blepharitis Computerized Clinical Cases Links Page Your tax dollars at work Contact 
 The Creatures That Live in Your Pond microscope using a digital camera. Specimens were from my backyard pond. ____________ * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * ____________ Use your browser's "Back" button to return to this page Click on the links at the end of this page, "Size" and "Facts and Trivia" , to learn more about the Paramecium. Paramecium caudatum , an image of one of the more common Paramecium types and one of the smaller varieties, growing to about 125 microns in size. Paramecium bursaria , a species of Paramecium that appears green because of the presence of symbiotic Zoochlorella. This image shows in unusual color the intricate details of this amazing one celled animal - the Paramecium . Click here to see an image of a Paramecium dividing. Paramecia have a defense system that they can deploy when attacked or when they feel threatened. Click here to find out more. All ciliates also can multiply by a process known as conjugation. Here is a rare image of two Paramecium engaged in true sexual reproduction. Get a real sense of the size of these critters. Click on this link to see a swarm of Paramecium inside a speck of water that is smaller than the "period" on your keyboard's "period key". The Actinopods Actinosphaerium (or an Actinophyrs) . The spikes are used to spear other protozoa. The protoplasmic "soup" is then sucked out of the victim into a food vacuole where it is digested. An excellent image of an Actinophyrs digesting a meal. An excellent image of an Actinosphaerium . Actinosphaerium can grow up to 1,000 microns in size. This specimen certainly is close to that figure. An image of three different Protozoa , all in a space not much bigger than a pin head. Some Images of the Interesting Vorticella Vorticella . Cilia create currents in the water to draw food into the Vorticella's huge anterior opening. Bits of ingested food are clearly visible. Because the cilia are constantly moving, they are blurred in the photo but still visible. There are in excess of 100 species of Vorticella . Here is an image of a species that clearly shows all of the creature's internal parts and functions. Another image of a Vorticella . The trailing stalk is faintly visible in this photo. See the picture along with a description of the Vorticella's unusual behavior. I had to follow these five Vorticella around for several minutes before they settled in one spot. Click here to see what happens when they're startled . Click on this link to see a bit of misfortune that befell an inattentive Vorticella . Here is an image of a Vorticella dividing . Some Common and Not So Common Stentor Here's a protozoa that appears quite different from a Vorticella but has many of the same behavior and feeding patterns, the Stentor . This is an excellent image of two Stentor. Look here . The Stentor is not a communal creature, but it is possible to encourage them to "huddle" together. Click on the link. The Stentor provides many opportunities for capturing some interesting images. Here's a Stentor consuming a single celled Closterium . Here is an image of two Stentor that you Must See . Here is an image of a blue Stentor showing the large, fully extended mouth opening and the surrounding cilia. Click Here . I continue to find interesting specimens of the Blue Stentor. Here is a composite image . This one celled Protozoan continues to show its many fascinating faces. Two more images of the Blue Stentor . Crustaceans (Free Living Copepods) Here's a picture of a common crustacean - a Chydorus, a relative of the Daphnia. A dead Chydorus , Here's an image of a copepod that doesn't look like a copepod, nor is it free living. It's a parasitic Anchor Worm . Here is another species of Anchor Worm , * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * When looking for protozoa one wouldn't expect to see anything colorful, since 99% of these microbes are transparent. Click on this link for a pic of a red-colored, and not often seen Blepharisma . Another picture of a Blepharisma . Click here for a better view of its natural shape and a few of its more prominent features. The life of a microbe in a pond isn't all fun and games, or eat and sleep. Click here to see how bad things can be . Here is common pond creature - a Holotrich, and most likely a Dileptus species . A drop of water from our birdbath contains an assortment of different microbes. A water drop teeming with micro life , some as small as 1 or 2 microns. This culture was made by allowing dried leaves and grass to decay in the open air. An Actinosphaerium and a Colurella together. I watched the two of them bump into each other for several minutes and neither one seemed to be bothered by the other. Apparently they aren't part of each other's diet. Worms and Fly Larvae Any pond or pond filter will contain a variety of worms. Many of these wrigglers are the larvae of the many different kinds of flies and midges that hang around backyard ponds and ornamental waterfalls, while some are true aquatic worms. A few are visible, such as the bloodworms that we frequently see in our filter systems. Many, however, are microscopic. Click here to see the one worm that must be one of the ugliest and most repulsive in all of wormdom. Here's an image of a fly larva that takes up residence in the busiest part of the pond. Click here to see why and how. Glassworms, Bloodworms and Ghostworms are all the larvae of the many different kinds of black flies (midges) that we see around our ponds. Click here to see a Bloodworm and an image of the pupa. This image is a sequel to the preceeding image. Click here to see the scavengers that have moved in on the remains. Amoebas Amoebas are amorphous so they are seen in a variety of shapes and sizes. They also have developed a variety of ways to cope with the dangers of their environment. Click here to see an image of an Arcella , an Amoeba that has developed an unusual method of protection. Here is another species of Shelled Amoeba . Unlike the Arcella in the previous image, this species clearly shows the gritty, granular composition of the domed shell. Here is a composite picture of two Shelled Amoebas, both taken from the same water drop. Note the differences in the shell composition, and the evidence of some structural failure on one of them. Click here . Click here to see an Amoeba the way we always imagined one would look - like an amorphous, protoplasmic "splat". Here are two images of another naked amoeba, probably an Amoeba proteus , taken just a few seconds apart. Here is a closer view of the same Amoeba that appears in the previous image. Multicelled Microlife A common species of Rotifer . Rotifers can be found wherever there is water or moisture - ponds, puddles, damp ground or mosses. They are included in the small-sized group of pond critters, but are easily seen even under low power. There are many varieties and their varied methods of locomotion are interesting to observe. They are usually found on the pond bottom. Another good place to look for Rotifers is the outdoor bird bath, preferably one that hasn't been cleaned in a week or so. Click here to see a colony of them. Here is an unusually detailed and clear image of another species of Rotifer. Click here . Water Mites can be difficult to identify because they are so abundant and varied in appearance. This critter was originally mis-identified as a water mite but in fact is a Cyclops, quite common as both a marine and freshwater species. Click to find out more about these interesting creatures. Click here for an image of a true water Water Mite, and some additional information about microanimals. Gastrotrichs are frequent vistors to any backyard pond. They, too, are members of the multicellular Animal Kingdom. Have a look. Algae, or Green Protists Here is an image of what appears to be algae, but really isn't. I included it here because it is readily known by its common name - Blue/Green Algae . Here is another image of a Blue/Green Algae - likewise, not an algae but one of the many species of Cyanobacteria . Here are two excellent images of String Algae . This Algae can cause serious problems if you don't pay attention to your maintenance duties. Closterium . An interesting Green Protist - easy to spot and quite common in healthy ponds and lakes. Selenastrum and Pediastrium , two interesting Green Protists. Common in quiet waters, and sometimes found in wet soils and sands. An unusually clear image of two clusters of Pediastrium . Some large clusters of Selenastrum . Pediastrium and Selenastrum are just two of the many single cell colonial Protists that give us our dreaded green pond water. A scraping from one of my lily stems yielded an assortment of different Algae . More than I can identify. Here is an image of a cluster of Diatoms . They aren't green protists but I've included them here because they are often found in areas where algae is also found. This image is from the same salt water tank showing several other types of Diatoms . This image was taken at the same magnification as the previous one so the relative sizes can be compared. These were squeezed from the sponge filter. Note the perfect symmetry of the specimens as well as the interesting coloration of the Diatom in the upper right of the image. Animal, Vegetable or Mineral? The Unidentifieds This creature, for the moment, is unidentified . It's about 1,000 microns in size, and I found dozens in a container of pond water that I allowed to become stagnant and polluted. This specimen is large, at least 1,000 microns across, perhaps larger. It was an "unidentified" for quite some time until I was sent a photograph of its twin brother by someone visiting my site. It's a Bryozoa. There is an extensive fossil record of these multicelled critters. They are found in both fresh and sea water and they feed through cilia that cover their bodies. It's an interesting specimen under the microscope . A Few Words About Size Interesting Facts and Trivia that Everyone Should Know Specimen Backgrounds Courtesy of Wim von Egmond. Click Here for Wim's Marvelous Site Click Here For Another Source For Quality Microscopes, Australia Based Click Here For - Pond Critters, An Illustrated Guide Ron DeAngelis Microscopes HQ Everything Microscopes, from About Microscopes to Zoom Microscope Meet The Silly Cells A Fun Educational Site 
 
 A-Z Index Advanced Search What are you looking for? Search Learn the Issues Science Technology Laws Regulations About EPA Contact Us Microbiological and Chemical Exposure Assessment EPA scientists developing new methods to detect unregulated contaminants in drinking water By testing saliva samples, scientists can learn about chemical exposures New test method bridges gap between contaminants and disease outbreak New test technology allows scientists to extract DNA from water samples Rapid qPCR detection method will help protect swimmers from bacteria in water EPA Microbiology Resources Scientists have developed methods to detect and study bacteria, viruses, protozoans and mold to keep drinking water safe Research Topics Health Microbiology Water Tools and Products Methods, Models, Tools, and Databases Publications Fact Sheets Research In Action Prevalence of contaminants in treated and untreated drinking water Same-day monitoring method for recreational water Analytical methods for measuring contaminants in drinking water Saliva-based exposure assays for detecting exposure to waterborne pathogens Pathogens in piped water systems EPA Method 1615 for detecting waterborne enteroviruses and noroviruses Top Questions How does the EPA detect viruses in water? What are the new innovative approaches for identifying and enumerating waterborne pathogens and fecal indicators? Related Links EPA Microbiology Resources Drinking water methods developed by EPAâs Exposure Research Program EPA Exposure Research About Microbiological and Chemical Exposure Research in Cincinnati, Ohio Microbiological and Chemical Exposure Research Staff Organization News Feeds Podcasts EPA Mobile News by Email Widgets EPA Home Privacy and Security Notice Contact Us The Seal of the United States Environmental Protection Agency Jump to main content. 
 -Advertisement- NEW! Stereotype Threat Content on this page requires a newer version of Adobe Flash Player. What's Health Let's Advertising A Quick Energy Boost more ) Sugars Killing Coral Reefs - Bacterial growth, stimulated by the presence of simple sugars in untreated sewage and agricultural runoff, can now be added to the list of things contributing to the demise of coral reefs. ( more ) The Blackout Syndrome Can you help ? The Living Skeleton - Identical x-ray images representing eight different parts of the human skeleton are posted in labeled and unlabeled format. Health Focus - NHM's monthly Health Focus provides classroom teachers and others with carefully reviewed, readily available, scientifically sound Internet resources related to health programs, activities, and events. Biology Education Online - is an interactive, electronic, peer-reviewed publication of The National Association of Biology Teachers (NABT) in cooperation with Access Excellence at the National Health Museum (AE@NHM) BEoN is a component of the National Science, Technology, Engineering... ( more ) SEARCH AE @ NHM site SITE MAP ABOUT NHM NHM Home The Museum Initiatives Campaigns ACCESS EXCELLENCE - About AE @ NHM Awards Questions TERMS OF USE - Copyright Info Privacy CONTACT US Email This Link Search All rights reserved. Copyright Access Excellence The National Health Museum, contact us by email Updated: Dec 4, 2009 -Advertisement- 
 FRONTLINE SEARCH FRONTLINE CLOSE Recent Programs COMPLETE PROGRAMS Generation Like February 18th Generation Like WATCH Syrias Second Front February 11th Syrias Second Front Three years in to Syrias war, a new enemy has emerged: factions aligned with Al Qaeda. WATCH Next on FRONTLINE CHECK LOCAL LISTINGS Secrets of the Vatican February 25th Secrets of the Vatican An inside look at the scandals that rocked Benedictâs Papacy. PREVIEW Afghanistan / Pakistan Biographies Business / Economy / Financial Criminal Justice Education Environment Family / Children Foreign Affairs / Defense FRONTLINE World Government / Elections / Politics Health / Science / Technology Iraq / War on Terror Media Race / Multicultural Religion Social Issues Sports Get Our Newsletter Follow Us Tips / Contact Us History Senior Editorial Team Producers Awards FAQs Privacy Policy Journalistic Guidelines Press Room Buy DVDs on ShopPBS Download on iTunes Teacher Center FAQs RECENT GUIDES College, Inc. Obama's Deal The Vaccine War WATCH SCHEDULE TOPICS ABOUT FRONTLINE SHOP TEACHER CENTER interviews 1979 anthrax leak what happened in south africa faqs discussion readings timeline synopsis press reaction tapes & transcripts frontline wgbh pbs online copyright Plague War Today, there are at least ten nations in the world with the ability to produce biological weapons. Cheap and now technologically possible to produce and refine into weapons of mass destruction, biological warfare has the potential to do as much damage to civilian populations as nuclear weapons. FRONTLINE presents new evidence culled from scientists, intelligence agencies, and policymakers to examine the threat biological warfare poses to world security and the responses the U.S. is frantically developing. published oct. 1998 SUPPORT PROVIDED BY NEXT ON FRONTLINE Secrets of the Vatican February 25th TODAY'S STORIES February 25, 2014 / 10:49 am Amid Vatican Disarray, Pope Francis Set A New Tone February 24, 2014 / 2:21 pm Pope Francis Appoints New Watchdog for Vatican Finances February 18, 2014 / 10:00 pm Who Profits from the Game of Live Chat Wed. 1pm ET Follow @frontlinepbs FRONTLINE on 
 Skip to Content Jump to Main Navigation and Login Jump to additional Information Home Submit About Permissions Downloading Resources Contact Search Resource Type  Video (49)  Image (451)  Animation (133)  Protocol (41) Curriculum Archive (85) Tags  Cell Biology (253)  Genetics (81) Humans (372)  Environment (274)  Diversity (108)  Teaching (367) Welcome to MicrobeLibrary!   Collections Gallery is a collection of images, videos, and animations that can be used to enhance lecture or lab presentations. Individual items include brief legends that describe the items and how they were obtained. A collection of items around a central theme (e.g., Gram stain and MacConkey agar) includes a title for the collection and a title and short description for each item (e.g., figure title and legend). Visual Media Briefs  consist of high-quality, short communications with digital images, animations, and videos about the microbial world. Briefs include introduction, methods, discussion, and reference sections. Briefs describe the item and how it was obtained (e.g., cultured and isolated), its significance and/or use, magnification, and references. Visual Media Briefs are similar to short research communications (or briefs) in scientific journals . Laboratory Protocols are information briefs about standard laboratory tests and include the procedural steps as well as the purpose, theory, history, safety considerations, tips and comments, and references. Student Learning Assessments in Microbiology Database (SLAMD)   is a collection of peer-reviewed multiple choice questions designed especially for interactive learning using audience response systems. The questions are also of value for pre- and post-tests or traditional exams, and may be used in the classroom or laboratory or online in blended-and distance-learning experiences. The question bank is a two-tiered repository of original multiple choice questions. Tier one contains multiple choice questions corresponding to Bloom's level one or two (knowledge/comprehension) that faculty can use to break up their lectures and get immediate feedback from students on content just discussed. Tier two contains higher level multiple choice questions (Bloom's level 3 – application- or higher) to get better feedback on the student's ability to apply knowledge. All questions are categorized based on the 2011 ASM Recommended Curriculum Guidelines. Curriculum Archive (2000-2009) features 85 peer-reviewed activities promoting active learning in undergraduate microbiology originally published in MicrobeLibrary 1.0. The classroom activities and laboratory exercises were developed by faculty at diverse institutions and include inquiry-based field-tested materials, student- driven activities, case-based problems, and ideas for independent and/or research projects.   ASM Guidelines Curriculum Guidelines for Undergraduate Microbiology Representing a 12-month study by the ASM Task Force, this curriculum identifies the six overarching concepts that ensure a foundational understanding in microbiological topics deemed to be of lasting importance. Guidelines for Biosafety in Teaching Laboratories Guidelines for safely handling microbes at both biosafety level 1 (BSL1) and at biosafety level 2 (BSL2) were developed by the ASM Task Force. The guidelines are brief by design for ease of use and provide educators with a clear and consistent way to safely work with microorganisms in the teaching laboratory.   News     Now available: Two new Gallery resources and three new Visual Media Brief resources . Peptidoglycan Synthesis in a Gram-Positive Bacterium Antibiotics That Inhibit Bacterial Peptidoglycan Synthesis: How They Work Transfer of Conjugative Plasmids and Mobilizable Plasmids in Gram-Negative Bacteria Casein Hydrolysis Impact of Acid Mine Drainage (AMD) on diatom populations in a Pennsylvania stream 01 Peptidoglycan Synthesis in a Gram-Positive Bacterium 02 Antibiotics That Inhibit Bacterial Peptidoglycan Synthesis: How They Work 03 Transfer of Conjugative Plasmids and Mobilizable Plasmids in Gram-Negative Bacteria 04 Casein Hydrolysis 05 Impact of Acid Mine Drainage (AMD) on diatom populations in a Pennsylvania stream Pause Frontpage Slideshow | Copyright 2006-2010 JoomlaWorks, a business unit of Nuevvo Webware Ltd. Now Available - Spanish Translations of Gallery Resources The Spanish translations of the 2005-2009  Gallery Collection  Laboratory Protocols are now available!  Links to the Spanish translation of Laboratory Protocol image descriptions are provided at the bottom of the individual project page in the 2005-2009 Gallery Collections .  These translations were provided through the efforts of the  ASM International Volunteer Translators Network .  ¡Las descripciones de las imágenes en el " Gallery " del 2005 al 2009 están ahora disponibles en español! Los enlaces a las traducciones en español del material en el " Gallery " del 2005 al 2009 se encuentran en la parte inferior de las páginas de cada uno de los proyectos del " Gallery ". Las traducciones fueron realizadas por la Red de Traductores Voluntarios Internacionales de la ASM . Deadlines   Submit Student Learning Assessments in Microbiology Database Resources - Deadline 7/1/14 Please review the guidelines below before submitting a resource: Guidelines for submitting Submit Visual Media Briefs and Gallery Resources -  Submissions are accepted and reviewed on a rolling basis.  The submission deadlines are July 1 (for December online publication) and December 1 (for May online publication) . Please review the guidelines below before submitting a resource: Guidelines for submitting         The Student Learning Assessments in Microbiology Database , or SLAMD, is a new MicrobeLibrary collection of peer-reviewed multiple choice questions designed especially for interactive learning using audience response systems. The questions are also of value for pre- and post-tests or traditional exams, and may be used in the classroom or laboratory or on-line in blended-and distance-learning experiences. The question bank is a two-tiered repository of original multiple choice questions. Tier one contains multiple choice questions corresponding to Bloom’s level one or two (knowledge/comprehension) that faculty can use to break up their lectures and get immediate feedback from students on content just discussed. Tier two contains higher level multiple choice questions (Bloom’s level 3 – application- or higher) to get better feedback on the student’s ability to apply knowledge. All questions are categorized based on the 2011 ASM Recommended Curriculum Guidelines. www.asm.org 
 wersja Species Bibliography Piotr Madanecki e-mail: pmad@eniac.farmacja.amg.gda.pl This page was visited times since 23.03.1998 
 MARILYN C. ROBERTS, Ph.D. Curriculum Vitae MLS Acquired Genes Nomenclature for Tetracycline Genes rRNA Methylase Genes Table Tet mechanisms of resistance Efflux and Inactivating Genes Table Distribution of tet Other Genes Table Mycobacterium Mycoplasma , Nocardia, Streptomyces and Ureaplasma Location of the Various Genes Table GenBank Numbers Tetracycline Genes References MLS References   and   Additional References Tetracycline Genes References since 2001 MLS References Since 2002 
 Javascript Slideshow With Captions by WOWSlider.com v2.1.3m info@amsreferencelab.com 
 Skip to Main Content Skip to Navigation Glossary & Acronyms HOME DEADLINES About Grants Grants Process Overview Grant Application Basics Types of Grant Programs How to Apply Peer Review Process Award Management Foreign Grants Information Funding Strategies Electronic Research Admin (eRA) eRA Commons Applying Electronically Forms & Applications Due Dates & Submission Policies Submitting Your Application Policy & Guidance Compliance & Oversight Research Involving Human Subjects Office of Laboratory Animal Welfare (OLAW) Peer Review Policies & Practices Intellectual Property Invention Reporting (iEdison) NIH Public Access Research Integrity Registration Now Open! FUNDING Search NIH Guide for Grants and Contracts Funding Opportunities & Notices Unsolicited Applications (Parent Announcements) Advanced Search Recovery Act Research Training Career Development Small Business (SBIR/STTR) Contract Opportunities NIH Loan Repayment Programs New and Early Stage Investigators Stem Cell Information NIH Common Fund OppNet (Behavioral & Social Sciences) Hot Topics Supporting the Biomedical NIH Response to Natural Disasters Research Performance Progress Report ClinicalTrials.gov and FDAAA Federal Funding Accountability Financial Conflict of Interest Animals in Research NIH Family Friendly Initiatives NIH Policy Notices Fiscal Policies, and More, for 2014 Looking at Reproducibility Whatâs New with NIHâs Small Business Research Programs? Latest News and Events FY2014 Fiscal Policy and Legislative Mandates New Investigator R01 Due Dates NIH Operates Under a Continuing Resolution More... Social Media Listservs & RSS Workshops and Training OER and You OER Annual Reports OER Offices Contact Us Global Resources Need Help? Glossary Acronyms Frequently Used Links Frequently Asked Questions Activity Code Directory NIH Extramural Intranet E-mail OER Webmaster Social Media Links Contact Us Bookmark Share External link please review our disclaimer E-mail Updates RSS Feeds Podcast Twitter External link please review our disclaimer Google Plus External link please review our disclaimer YouTube External link please review our disclaimer Page Footer Search Help Downloading Files Archive Disclaimer Privacy Notice Accessibility FOIA U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Grants.gov USA.gov...Government Made Easy National Institutes of Health (NIH), 9000 Rockville Pike, Bethesda, Maryland 20892 NIHTurning Discovery Into Health 
 

 MicrobeWiki From MicrobeWiki, the student-edited microbiology resource Jump to: navigation , search Welcome to MicrobeWiki Study Microbes * Microbial Biorealm * Viral Biorealm * Microbial Mythology MicrobeWiki is a free wiki resource on microbes and microbiology, authored by students at many colleges and universities. Curated pages such as those linked to the Taxonomy Index are reviewed and updated by microbiologists at Kenyon College . Student pages authored independently, or for coursework, are not monitored further. Interested readers are encouraged to add information, after registering a free account . Featured Class: The University of Oklahoma Italian Center , taught by Tyrrell Conway . Educators: You may assign MicrobeWiki page creation and editing as projects for your students. We create a template page BIOL 375 Virology , Joan L. Slonczewski , Kenyon College BIOL 238 Project Index 2013 , Joan L. Slonczewski , Kenyon College BI 230 Microbiology Environmental Microbiology General Microbiology Genetic Microbiology MICB301 Microbial Ecology SSC111 Soil Microbiology , Kate Scow, University of California, Davis Your students receive individual passwords. Assessment and grading are up to you; after your class is over, we review pages for our standards. Students of all levels, from first-year to graduate students, have contributed pages to our site. Microbial Mythology : common misconceptions and controversies in microbiology. Study Microbes presents study questions and recommended species for students to learn, based on the textbook Microbiology: An Evolving Science by Joan Slonczewski and John Foster (W. W. Norton Co.) Managing Editor Daniel Barich '05 Advisor: Joan Slonczewski , Biology Dept , Kenyon College Copyright notice. Disclaimer. Information on this site is provided solely for educational purposes. Medical questions should be referred to a physician. Microbial Phenomics Project http://microbewiki.kenyon.edu/index.php?title=MicrobeWikioldid=92317 " Category : System pages Views Page Discussion View source History Personal tools Log in Navigation MicrobeWiki Home Study Microbes Microbial Biorealm Viral Biorealm Microbial Mythology Recent changes Random page Contact MicrobeWiki Help Search Toolbox What links here Related changes Special pages Printable version Permanent link This page was last modified on 6 November 2013, at 19:01. This page has been accessed 1,609,062 times. Privacy policy About MicrobeWiki Disclaimers 
