 Introduction What is Eskrima? Why Should I learn it? Who uses it? Filipino Martial Arts Kali , Panantukan Pananjakman , Dumog/Buno Kino-Mutay , Yaw-Yan , Kuntaw History Arnis/Escrima History , A lineage of Cebu Resources Filipino Weapons Techniques Black Eagle Arnis Eskrima Overview Grandmaster The Black Eagle Training Locations Curriculum , Black Eagle Weapons Warmup Exercises Formal Exercises , Exhibition Fighting Training material Gradings Complete Syllabus , submit your thought more... Register Help Remember Me? What's New? New Posts (All) Forum Forum Home New Posts FAQ Calendar Forum Actions Mark Forums Read Quick Links Today's Posts View Site Leaders Blogs Forum Rules General Martial Arts Discussions Competative Arts The Armory - Weapon Discussions Kenpo & Kempo Chinese Arts Filipino Arts Japanese Arts Korean Arts Indochinese Arts Western Arts Heath and Healing Arts Advertise! Album Gallery Picture Gallery Advanced Search Forum Filipino Martial Arts FAQ register Forum: Filipino Martial Arts Sub-Forums Threads / Posts Last Post Filipino Martial Arts - General Filipino styles normally classify attacks not by their weapon, or their delivery style, but by the direction of their energy. The Filipino arts place great emphasis on footwork, mobility, and body positioning. These arts include Escrima, Dumog, Balintawak, Arnis, Kali, Doce Pares, and many more. Culturally related topics also are welcome such as language, foods and customs. Sponsor: Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 1,505 Posts: 12,913 Last Post: Stick Fighting World appoints... Datu Tim Hartman 02-16-2014, 10:28 PM Balintawak The Great Grandmaster Anciong Bacon is widely acknowledged as the original master of Balintawak Arnis/Eskrima. In Balintawak Arnis, the stick is used as the primary training tool. The theory is that the stick is only an extension of the arm and that the human body can only move in so many normal ways. In Balintawak, the student is taught that there is a counter to every counter and that continuous research and discovery is the basis of knowledge. Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 81 Posts: 1,086 Last Post: Balintawak Seminar - Guro... Bob Hubbard 02-11-2014, 12:36 AM Modern Arnis Dedicated to Grandmaster Remy Presas. Modern Arnis utilizes sticks (canes), bladed weapons and empty hand techniques in its defensive tactics. We welcome all Modern Arnis practitioners from around the world to join us in exploring the art. Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 1,354 Posts: 17,799 Last Post: Heading off to Virginia Datu Tim Hartman 02-12-2014, 02:46 PM FMA From Around the Web A selection of FMA topics from around the internet. Sponsor: Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 2,595 Posts: 3,277 Last Post: FMAT: 2014 PTI Italy Seminar Clark Kent 02-12-2014, 12:31 AM FMA Videos Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 209 Posts: 889 Last Post: Help required to find Video. K-man 02-23-2014, 08:05 PM Quick Navigation Filipino Martial Arts Top Site Areas Settings Private Messages Subscriptions Who's Online Search Forums Forums Home Forums Arts Beginners Corner General Martial Arts Talk The Deadliest Warriors General Self Defense Law Enforcement Security and Bouncers War Stories JKD / Jeet Kune Do Women of the Martial Arts (Women Martial Artists) Meet Greet Members in Motion SKH/Quest/Toshindo/Shadows of Iga Competitive Arts MMA MMA News Grappling / Brazilian Ju Jitsu / Wrestling Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu High School/College Wrestling Boxing/Kickboxing The Competitive Edge Competitive Art Videos The Armoury General Weapons Discussion Knife Arts Sword Arts Talk Japanese Swords and Sword Arts Chinese Swords and Sword Arts Korean Swords and Sword Arts The European Art of Fencing Historical European Swords and Sword Arts The Firing Range (Firearms) The Archery Range Weapon Videos Kempo / Kenpo Kenpo / Kempo - General Kajukenbo Tracy's Kenpo Kenpo / Kempo - Technical Discussion Kenpo - (EPAK) Ed Parker's American Kenpo Karate Systems MT Kenpo Video Library KenpoTalk KenpoTalk Kenpo Video Library Chinese Martial Arts Talk Chinese Culture and History Chinese Martial Arts - General Chinese Internal Arts : Taijiquan (Tai Chi) and QiGong Wing Chun CMA From Around the Web Chinese Swords and Sword Arts CMA Video Library Filipino Martial Arts Filipino Martial Arts - General Balintawak Modern Arnis FMA From Around the Web FMA Videos Japanese Martial Arts Talk Japanese Culture and History Japanese Martial Arts - General Aikido Jujutsu / Judo Karate Ninjutsu Koryu Corner Japanese Swords and Sword Arts JMA From Around the Web JMA Video Library Korean Martial Arts Talk Korean Culture and History Korean Martial Arts - General Tae-Kwon-Do Hapkido Tang Soo Do Korean Martial Arts Videos Korean Swords and Sword Arts Indochinese Martial Arts Indochinese Martial Arts - General Muay Thai Western Martial Arts Western Martial Arts - General Russian Martial Arts Krav Maga Mind, Body, Spirit Chi - Ki - Qi - Universal Life Energy Traditional Healing Arts Health Tips for the Martial Artist Philosophy and Spirituality in the Arts General Talk The Locker Room Bar Grill Game Room The Computer Room - Computer Talk Photography Photography Videos The Great Outdoors The Rec Room (Sports and Entertainment) The Library Pressure Point Reference Guide Horror Stories Investigations The Great Debate The Comedy Cafe The Hall of Remembrance (Memorials) School Management Martial Talk Admin Announcements Whats New on Martial Talk? Ask The MT Advisory Board MartialTalk Magazine MartialTalk Magazine Articles MartialTalk Magazine The NewsRoom Member Announcements Seminars, Camps, Events Tournaments Martial Talk Member Services Forums MartialTalk Site Support Forum Rules and Policies Frequently Asked Questions Beginners Corner Meet The Staff The Archives American Ninjutsu Hosted Forums Hosted Forum Support Area The Study US Political Discussion and Debate US Election 2012 US Election 2008 Bob Hubbard For President - 2004 Archives The War College The Basement WNY Martial Arts Buffalo Tai Chi Makalakula Tang Soo Do Superior Tangsoodo Random Acts of Sanity Advertizing Help Wanted / Help Available Martial Talk Gear Schools / Instructors The ProShop Organizations Special Projects Please visit our friends at the following sites: MartialTalk Martial Arts Community | KenpoTalk Kenpo Community | FMATalk Filipino Martial Arts Community WNY Martial Arts | Pet Lovers Talk | Martial Arts Photography Blog -- vB4 Default Style -- New VB -- Default Mobile Style Contact Us MartialTalk.Com Archive Privacy Statement Terms of Service Top All times are GMT -4. The time now is 05:04 PM . vBulletin Version 4.2.1 Ownership of Posts - All posts and content become the property of MartialTalk.com except for text and images that are themselves on copyright. Register Help Remember Me? Forum Today's Posts FAQ Calendar Forum Actions Mark Forums Read Quick Links Blogs What's New? Album Gallery Picture Gallery Advanced Search Forum FAQ register FMA Talk Welcome to the FMA Talk. Filipino Martial Arts Styles Threads / Posts Last Post Datu's Corner (3 Viewing) Thoughts,Tidbits, Videos, etc. from or about FMATalk and WMAA founder Datu Tim Hartman. Sponsor: Sub-Forums: Modern Arnis Minute Datu's Seminars Camps Datu Hartman Presents Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 145 Posts: 317 Last Post: Light Valentines workout. Datu Tim Hartman 02-16-2014, 10:23 PM General (18 Viewing) Here is the place for general discussion, not covered elsewhere. Sponsor: Sub-Forums: FMA From Around the Web Misc. Knife Arts Misc. Stick Arts Misc. Sword Arts Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 2,054 Posts: 15,937 Last Post: Filipino Pangamot and Empty... Brian R. VanCise 02-23-2014, 12:32 PM Balintawak (5 Viewing) The Great Grandmaster Anciong Bacon is widely acknowledged as the original master of Balintawak Arnis/Eskrima. In Balintawak Arnis, the stick is used as the primary training tool. The theory is that the stick is only an extension of the arm and that the human body can only move in so many normal ways. In Balintawak, the student is taught that there is a counter to every counter and that continuous research and discovery is the basis of knowledge. Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 195 Posts: 1,705 Last Post: Hi, I have a blog I write on... rompida 02-23-2014, 09:27 PM Dekiti Tirsia Siradas Dekiti-Tirsia Siradas is a blade oriented system heavily emphasizing footwork, enabling the practitioner to rapidly close the distance and finish the opponent(s). This system has three basic strategies: attack, counter attack, and counter the counter. These are present in all techniques of the system: empty hand, impact and bladed weapons, firearm retention, empty hand vs. weaponry, and dumog. Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 141 Posts: 1,036 Last Post: Typhoon Yolanda hits visayas... Brian R. VanCise 11-09-2013, 11:36 AM Doce Pares (3 Viewing) Doce Pares was founded in 1932 by a group of Eskrimadors, most notably from the Cañete and Saavedra families. The name Doce Pares refers to the famous twelve bodyguards of Emperor Charlemagne of France. It is a multi-style system, taught in different ways by different instructors. Its main traditions are associated with Diony (Multi-style), Cacoy (Eskrido), and Momoy (San Miguel Eskrima) Cañete. Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 94 Posts: 624 Last Post: Info about Cacoy Doce Pares jwinch2 12-25-2013, 06:37 PM Dog Brothers Martial Arts (3 Viewing) A forum for the discussion of the Dog Brothers' approach to the Filipino martial arts. Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 208 Posts: 1,398 Last Post: Kali Tudo (tm) Crafty Dog 02-22-2014, 04:46 PM Kali Ilustrisimo The late Antonio Ilustrisimo founded the system that now bears his name, Kali Ilustrisimo, also called Kalis Ilustrisimo. He is one of the more colorful figures in the annals of the Fillipino arts. Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 127 Posts: 1,210 Last Post: kali ilustrisimo San Diego RETIRADA 11-24-2013, 02:28 AM JKD-Kali (3 Viewing) This forum is for the discussion of Filipino martial arts within Jeet Kune Do. The best known of these is the Inosanto/Lacoste Blend of Kali, a composite system of Filipino Martial Arts taught by Dan Inosanto based on his training with various Filipino Martial Arts instructors including; John Lacoste, Regino Illustrisimo, Leo Giron, Leo Gaje, Jack Santos, and many others. It introduces students to 12 main areas, including, but not limited to, single stick, double stick, stick dagger, double dagger, staff, panatukan (Filipino boxing), Sikaran (Filipino kicking methods), Kuntao, Silat. Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 92 Posts: 879 Last Post: Panantukan Doc 11-19-2013, 09:28 PM Lameco (2 Viewing) Edgar Sulite started his FMA training with the family style rather reluctantly, but eventually managed to train with the best of the FMA grandmasters around at that time. He classified the styles he learned into their respective ranges, from long (largo) to medium (medio) to short (corto), and came up with the name of his system, an acronym of the ranges. In April of 1997, Edgar Sulite was felled by a stroke while on a trip to the Philippines, at the young age of thirty-nine. Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 109 Posts: 803 Last Post: Guro Dave Gould Lameco... Guro Dave Gould 01-23-2014, 01:22 AM Lightning Scientific Arnis (3 Viewing) A system founded in 1937 by Grandmaster Benjamin Luna-Lema. The system is composed of the Tercia, Cadenilla, Serrada and Espada Y Daga styles. It is known for its powerful, fluid, and fast strikes; its preference for "blind-siding" the opponent; and its focus on the stick and knife. An important principle in Lightning is closing with the opponent and 'blanketing' them with multiple strikes. Grandmaster Lema would say, "If he gives me one strike, I give him fifteen. Even if he does not give me one strike,I give him fifteen." The system is now headed by his daughter Patty-Jean Lema Caballero. Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 124 Posts: 956 Last Post: Lightning Scientific Arnis in... RETIRADA 12-23-2013, 11:08 PM Pedoy's Derobio Escrima Great Grandmaster Braulio T. Pedoy brought the Art of Derobio Escrima to Hawaii in the early 1920's. He learned this art from General Faustino Ablen (of the Red Shirt Pulahanes), a local leader who fought for freedom for his people on the Island of Leyte. In Hawaii GGM Pedoy was known as a warrior and healer. Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 55 Posts: 592 Last Post: Some questions regarding... hermz808 05-01-2013, 09:42 PM Presas Family Arnis Systems (7 Viewing) The Martial Arts systems of the Presas Family Modern Arnis Kombatan Kombatan was developed by Grandmaster Ernesto Amador Presas, Sr. of the Island of Negros Occidental and a province near the fishing village Hinigaran in the Visayas. Kombatan is a composite of various classical and modern fighting systems used in the Philippines. An emphasis is placed on drills to train the student to react instinctively. Hinigaran Arnis DeMano Sponsor: Sub-Forums: Modern Arnis Kombatan Hinigaran Arnis DeMano Presas Arnis Blend Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 465 Posts: 2,831 Last Post: 3 years ago today GGM Ernesto... Datu Tim Hartman 11-01-2013, 01:18 PM Pekiti-Tirsia Kali (9 Viewing) Pekiti-Tirsia roughly translates as "to cut into small pieces, up close." That describes the systems strategy and tactics, which is to close in and cut the enemy down. Pekiti-Tirsia was officially founded in 1897 by Conrado Tortal. Pekiti-Tirsia was previously taught only within the Tortal family to defend themselves and their land. Sponsor: Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 578 Posts: 4,843 Last Post: 2014 PTI Italy Seminar TuhonBill 02-12-2014, 12:16 AM Senkotiros Senkotiros means "five strikes" and is based on angles of attack, defensive shielding, minimizing movements, and sensitivity. With the stick as extension of the hand in training, the practitioner evolves and develops empty hand close quarter fighting skills. The single stick techniques are based on Filipino bladed weapon concepts; sikad (kicks) are also included. Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 30 Posts: 245 Last Post: Other styles (or training... Charlie 06-13-2013, 10:29 PM Sikaran This art, known for its kicks, originated in Baras, Rizal in the Philippines. Its signature move is a reverse spinning roundhouse kick called "biakid" wherein the attacker's heel connects to the back of the opponent's head or neck. The hands are used to block and parry. Special techniques include pangahilos (paralysing blocks, strikes, and kicks) followed by pamatory (potentially fatal blows). Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 34 Posts: 394 Last Post: How old is Sikaran? Leopard 05-11-2011, 12:47 PM Serrada A forum for arts related to Angel Cabales' Serrada Eskrima. Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 70 Posts: 598 Last Post: Whatever happened? newbie2013 02-03-2014, 10:54 AM Filipino Culture Threads / Posts Last Post General (2 Viewing) For the discussion of life in the Philippines. Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 61 Posts: 573 Last Post: FMA in Johannesburg South... n2rrad 01-27-2014, 12:15 PM Philippine News Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 14 Posts: 252 Last Post: PH and PHL are the official... citom 03-07-2011, 01:24 PM General Martial Arts Discussion Threads / Posts Last Post General Martial Arts Discussion (7 Viewing) A forum for the discussion of non-Filipino martial arts. Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 135 Posts: 923 Last Post: Krabi Krabong William 09-16-2013, 06:06 PM Marksmanship Arts A forum for the discussion of firearms, archery, competitive shooting, and any other projectile weapons not covered by other forums. Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 36 Posts: 336 Last Post: Marksmanship for FMA... lhommedieu 07-14-2012, 12:29 PM Gear Talk! (1 Viewing) Where its all about the gear! Questions, discussions, reviews about martial arts gear, books, DVDs, etc. Sponsor: Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 114 Posts: 846 Last Post: Pekiti-tirsia basic footwork... LargoMano2013 01-12-2014, 05:18 PM Self-Defense Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 99 Posts: 537 Last Post: Acid-in-face attack John222 07-28-2012, 03:21 AM Events Threads / Posts Last Post Seminars Camps (12 Viewing) Seminar Camp notices. Sponsor: Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 1,035 Posts: 3,412 Last Post: Kerambit/Knife Seminar with... Leabo 01-13-2014, 02:00 PM Tournaments (1 Viewing) Tournament Announcements Sponsor: Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 147 Posts: 1,392 Last Post: Pacific Island Gathering and... littlebadboy 09-01-2013, 11:34 AM Stick Fighting World (1 Viewing) Sponsor: Sub-Forums: SFW Fighters SFW Training Centers Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 8 Posts: 16 Last Post: Nin Judy Villanueva James Miller 02-11-2014, 07:33 PM FMA in the News (4 Viewing) A forum for posting links to news stories about the FMA. Sponsor: Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 65 Posts: 659 Last Post: New bill proposed to regulate... Crafty Dog 02-08-2013, 09:19 PM E-Zine Articles A Collection of Articles, Interviews, and Other Resources submitted by our members. Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 130 Posts: 221 Last Post: Balintawak Eskrima Enhances... Bob Hubbard 01-05-2012, 01:07 PM Miscellaneous Chat Threads / Posts Last Post FMA Informative Sponsor: Sub-Forums: Issues Newspaper Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 127 Posts: 129 Last Post: Vol2 No11 Datu Tim Hartman 01-01-2014, 02:28 PM The Den Make yourself at home! This is the place for general discussion and chit-chat--sports, movies, humor, politics, or nothing at all. Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 244 Posts: 1,352 Last Post: indian and persian club... blindside 06-15-2012, 07:33 PM Movies Just what it says! Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 19 Posts: 33 Last Post: Death Race 3: Inferno Trailer Datu Tim Hartman 08-28-2012, 04:42 PM Misc Martial Videos (1 Viewing) Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 18 Posts: 23 Last Post: Military martial arts in... KAF 12-13-2013, 08:02 PM Humor Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 14 Posts: 16 Last Post: Enter The Dojo: Season 2... The Boss 08-29-2012, 05:44 PM Advertising Threads / Posts Last Post Product News Announcements (1 Viewing) Sponsor: Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 135 Posts: 547 Last Post: New Nok Knives Just In Time... Brian R. VanCise 12-09-2013, 09:00 PM FMA Talk Threads / Posts Last Post Admin Announcements Forum for important board announcements by Admins. Sponsor: Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 58 Posts: 350 Last Post: Forum Updated 4-10-2012 Rich Parsons 04-12-2012, 04:12 PM Meet Greet (1 Viewing) New Here? Stop in here and introduce yourself. Long time member? Stop in and say hello and meet the new members. Sponsor: Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 565 Posts: 3,286 Last Post: Hello rainesr 12-17-2013, 02:17 AM FAQ Frequently Asked Questions Sponsor: Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 21 Posts: 170 Last Post: Best Technique for Stretching Camp Jansson 06-17-2012, 02:06 AM Board Support Issues Having a technical problem with the board? Need to know how to use a feature? Here's the place. Sponsor: Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 28 Posts: 216 Last Post: Youtube video issues Bob Hubbard 07-12-2011, 12:50 AM FMATalk Live Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 38 Posts: 71 Last Post: Latest FMATalkLive with GM... BirdieKing 06-25-2013, 03:46 PM FMA Videos (2 Viewing) FMA Related Video Clips Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 305 Posts: 713 Last Post: Kombatan Clips from Minsk,... Kombatan Minsk 02-04-2014, 06:40 AM FMA Schools (3 Viewing) This forum is to help people find FMA schools and training groups around the world. Sub-Forums: US Schools Canadian Schools Forum Actions: View this forum's RSS feed Forum Statistics: Threads: 68 Posts: 99 Last Post: Tryumph Academy of Martial... Brian R. VanCise 09-04-2013, 03:57 PM Mark Forums Read What's Going On? Currently Active Users There are currently 470 users online . 9 members and 461 guests Most users ever online was 951, 05-19-2013 at 04:08 AM . CMS , desert warrior , n2rrad , odalisay , siete , slapstick , tibo , Wbatayte Total members that have visited the forum in the last 24 hours: 12 The most members online over 24 hours was 116, 02-03-2009 at 06:38 PM. blindside , BradleyRF , Brian R. VanCise , Cochise , DawnISLW , desert warrior , free2flow , Harbinger343 , n2rrad , richport , silat1 , slapstick Spam-O-Matic Statistics 92048 Spammers Denied Registration 6 Spammy Posts Automatically Moderated FMA Talk Statistics Threads 9,054 Posts 56,706 Members 4,000 Active Members 103 Welcome to our newest member, glock94045 Blogs 27 Entries 53 Last 24 Hours 0 This is My Blade by WindyCityPTK Icon Legend Contains unread forum posts Contains no unread forum posts Forum is Closed for Posting Forum is a category Forum is a Link Datu Hartman Presents... Google Search It! Search MartialTalk, KenpoTalk & FMATalk with Google. Search opens a new window for results. New at MartialTalk Magazine Subscribe to RSS headline updates from: Powered by FeedBurner Latest Posts Troll alert!! Hi, I have a blog I write on this... 09:27 PM Hi, I have a blog I write on this... 03:12 PM And you are?? Hi, I have a blog I write on this... 02:37 PM FMA empty hands are really good. Not only that but do to the melting pot of people/cultures in the Philippines they have always observed what other people are doing and incorporated it if warranted! Filipino Pangamot and Empty Hand... 12:32 PM Wow, two posts and already an expert on the empty hand aspects of the FMA. I guess that most of the guys I have trained with over the last few years and even my own students have to go back and learn... Filipino Pangamot and Empty Hand... 05:34 AM Latest Topics Light Valentines workout. Datu Tim Hartman 02-16-2014, 10:23 PM in Datu's Corner Tag Cloud arnis balintawak camp cold steel doce pares eskrima fma gaje guro roger agbulos ilustrisimo kali kali method knife lameco machete mcgrath modern arnis pekiti tirsia ptk ptk-cqc seminar stick fighting sticks tim hartman tim waid tortal tournament training tuhon wekaf Please visit our friends at the following sites: MartialTalk Martial Arts Community | KenpoTalk Kenpo Community | FMATalk Filipino Martial Arts Community WNY Martial Arts | WNY Model Photography | Martial Arts Photography Blog -- vB4 Default Style -- Emerald Sea -- Beachhead Blue -- Blue Gold -- Default Mobile Style Contact Us FMATalk, The Internet's Leading destination for Filipino Martial Arts discussion! Archive Web Hosting Privacy Statement Terms of Service Top All times are GMT -4. The time now is 05:04 PM . vBulletin Version 4.1.12 Index Skip to content Board index Change font size Links FAQ Register Login It is currently Feb 25th, 2014, 4:04 pm Forum Topics Posts Last post Welcome to the Inayan Forums! Membership is free and entitles ISE Students and our associates to engage in discussions regarding Inayan Eskrima, the Inayan School of Eskrima, the Filipino Martial Arts in general and much more. Be sure to send an email after registration with your Username to: info@inayan.com Your account will be activated as soon as possible. 0 Topics 0 Posts MARTIAL ART FORUMS Topics Posts Last post Inayan System of Eskrima Moderator: InayanNemesis 100 Topics 1639 Posts Last post by Tagaturo on Feb 3rd, 2014, 3:20 pm Filipino Martial Arts Moderator: InayanNemesis 326 Topics 3408 Posts Last post by mschlosshan on Jan 15th, 2014, 9:32 am General Martial Arts Moderator: InayanNemesis 165 Topics 1165 Posts Last post by Humbled Warrior on Feb 22nd, 2014, 8:24 pm Spiritual and Motivational Moderator: InayanNemesis 69 Topics 579 Posts Last post by theonlychances on Oct 26th, 2013, 4:16 pm MODERN COMBATIVES AND PREPAREDNESS Topics Posts Last post All about Guns Moderators: InayanNemesis , Rob 49 Topics 479 Posts Last post by Rob on Feb 24th, 2014, 6:57 pm Empty hand and Edged Weapon Circle Moderators: InayanNemesis , Rob 121 Topics 1123 Posts Last post by Tagaturo on Sep 21st, 2013, 8:49 am Self Reliance and Preparedness Moderators: InayanNemesis , Rob 6 Topics 24 Posts Last post by WilyFilipino on Jan 28th, 2014, 9:56 am VENDORS AND CLASSIFIEDS Topics Posts Last post Advertisements Moderator: InayanNemesis 69 Topics 316 Posts Last post by Humbled Warrior on Jun 7th, 2012, 6:33 pm Classifieds Moderator: InayanNemesis 82 Topics 381 Posts Last post by Tagaturo on Feb 10th, 2014, 8:07 am Login Register Username: Password: Log me on automatically each visit Who is online In total there is 1 user online :: 0 registered, 0 hidden and 1 guest (based on users active over the past 10 minutes) Most users ever online was 53 on Feb 18th, 2013, 5:15 am Legend: Administrators , Global moderators , Registered users 12 Users active over the last 48 hours: Alexa [Bot] , Bing [Bot] , Catamount , Google [Bot] , Google Feedfetcher , Gunnar , Rob , Shannon , Tagaturo , theonlychances , whitetopcaddy , Yahoo [Bot] Statistics Total posts 20387 Total topics 2255 Total members 505 Our newest member Codeman2890 Activity over the last 48 hours New Posts 8 New Topics 1 New users 3 Board index The team Delete all board cookies All times are UTC - 5 hours Powered by phpBB 2000, 2002, 2005, 2007 phpBB Group. Color scheme by ColorizeIt MA Bookstore ] Tye's Kung Fu ; i.e. Modern Arnis central park TAMU Modern Arnis Club Texas A University convince me this'd work WONDERFUL! the 12 Basic Strikes the Basic Blocks Striking Styles Sinawalis Anyos (forms) the Flow Drill "Dance of Pain" Palis-Palis (Corto, Largo, Double Action, etc) Single Dagger Espada-y-daga Tapi-Tapi in addition to these, Guro Martinez and I have developed other useful training tools, including: the 14- and 18-Count Drills the Range Drill Discussion Forums Area! Arnis Sticks ! here Pix from various seminars... since Dec 12, 1998 Tye W. Botting Home History of Modern Arnis About MARPPIO Media Membership School's Lakan Belt's Ranking System Store Contact Us Welcome To official website of Grandmaster Remy A. Presas (Modern Arnis) and MARPPIO This jQuery slider was created with the free EasyRotator software from DWUser.com. EasyRotator for WordPress plugin lets you create beautiful WordPress sliders in seconds. OK EasyRotator Seminar Schedule for 2014 July 18, 19 and 20, 2014 - Vineland, New Jersey August 1, 2, and 3, 2014 - Gardner, MA To host a MARPPIO seminar please contact: Dr. Remy Presas for more information. via e-mail drremypresas@modernarnis.com or marppio@modernarnis.com phone (415) 889-9249 Modern Arnis class in San Pablo, California Where : Solis Martial Arts at 1169 23rd Street, San Pablo, CA 94806 Frequency: Saturdays at 1:00 - 3:00 pm Who's teaching: Dr. Remy Presas Come and train with us !!! Contact: Dr. Remy Presas Phone (415) 889-9249 E-mail : drremypresas@modernarnis.com Watch Modern Arnis Weekend Class in San Pablo, CA - Click here !!! Rosemary Presas Speech at 1st Philippine Martial Arts Video of the Month MARPPIO / Modern Arnis Article's FMA Glossary Will total Unity in the Filipino Martial Arts Ever be a Reality? Interview with Dr. Remy Presas A Journey Experience Mother of Modern Arnis Philippines Sports commission to lead Implementation of Arnis Law (AHN) Manila Times on the development of Arnis in the Philippines MARPPIO Northwest Group Movement to make Arnis the Phillippines Sport Press on new movie about FMA Filipino Martial Art Digest (World of FMA II) Special Issue (Filipino Martial Arts Men, Women and School of the Year 2009) MARPPIO Seminar 2009 MARPPIO Seminar 2007 Copyright 2012 by MARPPIO, all rights reserved. BELLEVUE MARTIAL ARTS ACADEMY Hufana Traditional Arnis International Home Staff Chief Instructor Academy Instructors Associate Schools Programs ARNIS Tae Kwon Do New Students Getting Started Events Calendar 2014 Events 2013 Events 2012 Events 2011 Events News PG Hufana Fighter In the News! Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Voices of the Masters WFMAA Expo & Laban Laro Events WFMAA Membership Sponsors & Vendors Lupang Hinirang Links Contact Us Welcome to our website! We offer the best in martial arts training and instructions to families throughout the Eastside ( B ellevue, Redmond, Kirkland, Issaquah ) since its inception in 1991. A family-oriented martial arts academy, we offer classes in real FILIPINO MARTIAL ARTS ( Arnis, Eskrima, Kali ) and TRADITIONAL TAEKWONDO ( Korean martial arts of self-defense ). Our M ission Provide the best in martial arts training and instructions; teach the most effective, practical and realistic self defense methods. Develop and guide students to achieve their greatest potential through martial arts training. If you are looking for a quality Martial Arts School that provides excellent training and traditional instructions in a professional facility with a team of well-trained and dedicated staff, look no further. Bellevue Martial Arts Academy welcomes you to a lifetime of great experience! Always FREE Introductory Class! Trial our program before you join. No appointment needed. Discounts for New Students! Gary Bruestle , Student since 2006 (Redmond, WA) I have been studying martial arts with Master Hufana and family for more than 5 years. The quality of instructions was great when I started and has only improved since then. Training at Bellevue Martial Arts Academy has been one of the most challenging and rewarding things I have ever done. If you are looking to improve yourself both physically and mentally, I highly recommend this Academy; I know of no better way, and better place to do so. I can't wait until my daughter is old enough to start training with me! Welcome to our new Academy effective 10.01.2013 Bellevue Martial Arts Academy 2753 152nd Ave NE, Bldg 4, Suite F, Redmond, WA 98052 (425) 242-0327, EMAIL Website powered by Network Solutions World Modern Arnis Alliance The Worlds Leading Authority on Presas Family Arnis! Skip to content Home Media The W.M.A.A. GrandMaster Profiles Tribute: Professor Remy Armador Presas By Bob Hubbard Who is Remy Presas? By Paul OGrady WMAA Staff GM-Datu Timothy J. Hartman Grand Master Rick Cabarloc Manglinong Punong Guro Steve Scott Punong Guro Sal Todaro World Modern Arnis Alliance Training Programs Presas Arnis Rank Curriculum Membership and Benefits Train at HQ Upcoming Events Schools United States Canada Australia Barbados Denmark Japan Poland Sweden United Kingdon Current News 2011 News WMAA Black Belts * Contact The WMAA Modern Arnis Minute 2010 Lessons 2011 Lessons 2013 Lessons Other Videos Sponsors In Memory of Professor Presas Memories Media Biographies Legacy Links Modern Arnis Reunion Camp 2 Search for: Log in Home The World Modern Arnis Alliance was established for a two-fold purpose. Our first goal is to further the growth of Arnis throughout the world. Secondly, in keeping with the example set by Remy Presas, our intent is to set the highest technical standards possible for the global Arnis community. We will achieve this by designing specific training programs that will advance the progression of our art while developing maximum student proficiency. For those who do not have immediate access to an instructor and who are training on their own, rank promotion is still possible. Students will have access to a directory of black belts, schools, and instructors in the Modern Arnis community. These people will be available to periodically assist students with their training in preparation for their advancement. Geographical constraints will not be a deterrent to the growth of Modern Arnis. In addition we have created a Student Registry so that each member will have a record of their rank as they progress through each level. This will prevent any discrepancy as to what belt level a student or instructor has earned. Their credentials will be available for verification. Be Sociable, Share! Tweet Comments are closed. World Modern Arnis Alliance Close Ad Grandmaster; Jeffrey Delaney Grandmaster; Colonel Lisa McManus IMAF Directors: Executive Director: Dean Romanelli Technical Director: Tony Romanelli September 2009 In Victoria, BC Canada 35 Attend 2009 Detroit Winter Camp! 2008 New Hampshire Summer Camp! 2010 New Hampshire Summer Camp Coming Up! 2007 San Antonio Winter Camp! February 2008 in British Columbia! 2006 New Hampshire Summer Camp Draws 45! [ Home | News | Events | Schools Products | Links | FAQ | IMAF | Photos | Tech/Month | Ranking | Professor ] Remy Amador Presas' Modern Arnis "Photo courtesy of Larry Rocha" Click Here to Enter Home Page What is P. T. Kali? The Training Guideline Instructor's Program About the Organization QuestionsAnswers Grand Tuhon Leo T. Gaje Grand Tuhon's Blackboard Video Female Special Action Force Officers from Philippines Knifecamp Interview with Mandala Uli Weidle Round about the knife: Training Methods and Weapons of the Pekiti-Tirsia System European PekitiTirsia Festival hasVideo! Good news from Sweden hasVideo! Philippines Travel 12/2003-02/2004 ToTeach ToFight Open Hands of Pekiti-Tirsia ... all items Sounds (currently on ) Grandtuhons Blackboard: All The Days Of Our Lives AreOurs A family that fights together is the family that stays together and the family that believe in each other is the family that last forever. Complete Article To Teach To Fight Training for Pekiti Tirsia Instructors and Instructor Candidates Complete Article The FoM seminars: laying the foundations of movement Complete Article The advantage of the open hand Uli Weidle, 03/2003 empty hands fighting means fist fighting . In contrast to that believe, there is no doubt among knowledgeable and experienced self-defence experts, that open hand strikes are truly effective and superior body weapons . open hand slap is a preferred body weapon Complete Article Three day intensive Camp Creating options, when choices are gone . The term Dumpag is from the filipino martial arts Kali Complete Article Pekiti Tirsia training camp in Ibiza, the Third! Complete Article Irresistible Pekiti Tirsia Fever EuropeanCamp (May 2008) From the 17 th to the 24 th of may 2008, the European Pekiti Tirsia Headquarters in Reutlingen, Germany, were crowded with people from all over the continent. They had gathered from Finland in the north and Italy in the south, from Spain in the west and Bulgaria in the east, from the mountains of Switzerland and Austria, and from the Czech and German heartlands of the continent. Had gathered to be taught in the art of combat by Grandtuhon Leo T. Gaje himself, the supreme grandmaster of Pekiti Tirsia Kali. Complete Article Pekiti Tirsia Summer Training Camp In Bulgaria (September 2007) ThisPekiti Tirsia summer camp was held at the Black Sea in Bulgaria. Wonderful white beach and the Black Sea sometimes calm and on other days with huge waves offered an ideal training environment for Kali enthusiasts who assembled for this 9 days camp from all over Europe and even directly from the USA. The beach is an insiders tip for Bulgarian people and Bulgarian sports teams use that place as their preferred summer training environment. With the great natural resources and backed up by the kind hospitality of the Bulgaria Pekiti Tirsia group, Mandala Uli Weidle made a training camp that offered a one of a kind experience to everybody who attended. Complete Article Pekiti Tirsia thrills North Rhine-Westphalia (August2007) Complete Article... Friendship Visit And Training Camp To Philippines In March2006 DivXMB) DivXMB) DVDquality (downloadMB) DVDMB) Complete Article... Grandtuhons Blackboard: The Legacy Of Papa Isio Read Grandtuhons Message ... Stick and Knife2006 Atweekend from June3 rd to June5 th 2006 the first international Stick- and Knife-Challenge open to all fighters no matter what background in style or organisations was organised by the Pekiti Tirsia Europe. The events theme: All day headgear and glove Complete Article... Grandtuhons Blackboard: PowerTouch Read Grandtuhons Message ... European Pekiti Tirsia Festival 2005 Complete Article... Interview with Mandala Uli Weidle On the occasion of the first Pekiti Tirsia workshop with Mandala Uli Weidle in Helsinki, Finland an extensive interview was made by the Finish potku.net magazine. Complete Interview... Article about FMA published nationwide in Philippines StarweekMagazine Feature: by MelroseValencia A three full pages article about Filipino Martial Art, with special emphasis on the Pekiti Tirsia Filipino Martial Arts System in Europe, was published nationwide in Philippines Magazine. Complete Article... Pekiti Tirsia Knife Camp 2004 The Three Days Knife Camp was conducted at the Halloween Weekend October, 30 th to November, 1 st by Maginoo Mandala Uli Weidle. Focus of this years camp was training street-smart methods and tactics that help to successfully survive when facing real life situations with knife threats. From Evasion & Escape to Knife-Dumog (knife wrestling) all important aspects for successfully handling the variety of knife situations have been covered. Like in the last years, this Knife Camp was once again fully booked to the last place. Participants came from 10 different countries making the event an international happening... Complete Article... Round about the knife: Training methods and weapons of the Pekiti Tirsia System A central element of the Pekiti Tirsia System is training with and against the knife. A purposeful knife training, as is practised by Pekiti Tirsia, combines and develops all qualities needed by a skilful fighter: physical fitness, decision making power, determination, courage, self-confidence, understanding the necessity for and the ability to maintain "Situational Awareness" and a strategic-tactical approach. Complete Article... European Grandtuhon Training Camp in Ibiza Mayhad two outstanding events for the PekitiTirsia world: In the middle of May was this years Grandtuhon Weekend in the European Pekiti Tirsia Headquarters in Reutlingen, Germany. 36interested KaliFighters came from Germany and neighbouring countries to Reutlingen for PekitiTirsia training with Grandtuhon Leo T.Gaje. For now we have here some impressions. A full length report will soon follow... Complete... European Pekiti Tirsia Festival Vol.5 Reportpictures and video about the FifthEuropean Pekiti TirsiaFestival in Reutlingen, Germany. Fights from European Fighter League Level A,B,C Exhibitions Fiesta Fun, Excitement, Culture Friendship, Adrenalin, Party FestivalVideo Complete Article... Good news from Pekiti Tirsia in Scandinavia March,20 th was a milestone in the history of Pekiti Tirsia, as well as all FMA, in Sweden... Pekiti Tirsia representing FMA at Swedish Budo Association FMA accepted as separate branch in SwedishAssociation Philippine Embassy in Sweden invites Pekiti Tirsia for presentation of FMA Philippine Embassy in Sweden supports Pekiti Tirsia as indigenous cultural treasures of the Philippines Complete Article... Philippines Travel 02/2004... Surprises and Special Action for Uli during his travel to Philippines... Otso-Otso Submission Dungeon TV team from BBC Special Action Force (SAF) the elite Philippine National Police (PNP) force for counter-terrorism, hostage rescue,... Pekiti Tirsia TV Show Guro Jun de Leon (Kali de Leon) from Canada Complete Article... To Teach & To Fight - Pekiti Tirsia Trainers Training Uli Weidle, 10/2003 From present to future Pekiti Tirsia instructors training Practical by tradition Complete Article... Pekiti Tirsia and the Military Uli Weidle, 11/2002 Complete Article ... Select Language: English French German Italian Latest News Seminars ... all seminars Seminar Registration Contact Headquarters Austria Czech Republic Finland Germany Italy Norway Sweden/ Scandinavia Switzerland Become Member Send us a message send this page to a friend printer friendly view Pekiti-Tirsia Europe - Zaisental 71 - D 72760 Reutlingen info@pekiti-tirsia.de Bergamo's Martial Arts, Cheshire, CT Facebook Twitter Google+ Dribbble Stumble Upon Vimeo Flickr Pinterest BMA Menu Home About Us Meet the Team History About American Filipino Kun Tao What We Do Class Schedule Media Gallery Photos Videos Contact to Bergamo's Martial Arts! Learn Here! Grow Here! Boys and Girls, Men and Women and Physical Fitness! to Bergamo's Martial Arts 2 3 4 5 Welcome to Bergamo's Martial Arts , AMERICAN-FILIPINO KUN TAO FEDERATION Our Martial Arts School Self-defense fitness programs for all ages. Seminars, law enforcement training, fitness and more! Bergamo's Personal Training Personalized programs to help you achieve your goals. YOU CAN! US-World Breaking Associations Ralph Bergamo co-founded this leader in breaking competitions and is active in its management. Our Latest Videos Creative Breaking 2012 - ISKA Grandmaster Ralph Bergamo Breaking All the Records Team Bergamo Most Interesting Academy Bergamo in the News Perseverance 3rd Grade Teacher About Bergamo's Contact Us Bergamo's Martial Arts T: (203)-272-3113 Send an Email Our Newsletter Click to Download Women's Street Survival Course In todayâs world, one must be ready for the unexpected. Our Street Survival Course will teach you... More ... Bergamo's Martial Arts Admin Filipino Combat Systems Home About FCS FCS Pro-Shop Training Blades FCS Memberships Seminars & Events The FCS Gatherings FCS Camps About Tuhon Ray Media Coverage Videos The Kerambit Photo Galleries My Wall FMA Glossary Favorite Links Contact Me Delta Airlines ( www.delta.com ) No Exceptions!!! Last Updated on:   Ray Dionaldo Create Your Badge Protocol for FCS Representatives Enter The World Of FCS USA Alabama - California - Florida -Georgia - Kentucky - Massachusetts New Hampshire - New Jersey - North Carolina - South Carolina - Texas North America Canada South America Argentina - Chile - Venezuela The Caribbean Puerto Rico Europe Austria - Belgium Czech Republic - England - Finland - France - Germany - Greece - Hungary - Italy - Monaco - Norway - Poland - Russia - Romania - Slovakia - Sweden - Slovenia - Spain - Switzerland - Ukrane Middle East Israel Asia Japan - Philippines Africa Algeria undefined undefined undefined undefined NEW FCS Products FCS Intensive Training Camp Kentucky 2012 Tuhon Ray Dionaldo 2 DVD Set $50.00 NEW FCS Polymer Blades - Hand Crafted by Tuhon Ray Dionaldo. - Made of Proprietary High Density polymer. - Will with stand High impact and multiple Hits. -Built to last, Made to be abused. -They will not chip teeth!!! Exclusive Dealers: FCSKali.com Blood N Bones kali Gear   FCS MEMBERSHIP - Become part of one of the the top internationally FMA organizations. - Requirement for all students wishing to test for rank in FCS - Allows you to attend the Members Only Training Night - FCS Membership Card - FCS Membership certificate - FCS T-shirt included (please specify size)         ALWAYS UNDER CONSTRUCTION: I'm always updating the website with new photos, links, and information. ...So check back often. Search Engine Optimization and SEO Tools x FILIPINO COMBAT SYSTEMS International Headquarters Home About Registration News Our Location Contact Events Videos / Gallery Polls PIMA or Philippine Integrated Martial Arts Academy is a world renowned Filipino Martial arts school based in Jersey city, New Jersey. It is The Doce Â Pares Eskrima organization's United States Headquarters Â  Home to over 20 World and National Champions both in stick fighting, knife fighting and sayaw forms. Headed by Grand master and Deacon Dong Cuesta , a pioneer and icon in the FMA (Filipino martial Arts) Community , hand picked by the National Arnis Association of the Philipines ( NARAPHIL ) to spread the Doce Pares Multi- Style system Â in the united States in 1981. More... Why do you want to learn martial arts? To defend myself and love ones - 8.3% To become physically fit - 8.3% For health reasons - 0% All of the above! - 83.3% Total votes : 12 The voting for this poll has ended on: 06 Sep 2013 - 03:00 View details GM Arnulfo Dong Cuesta Doce Pares History PIMA Academy Schedule / Events / Seminar Media / Press Gallery / Videos Contact Us Buy Gear Join our Mailing List ! Username Password Remember Me Latest News Spread the word ! Social Widgets Ultimate Edition - Copyright 2010 by Turnkeye.com NYU Curriculum Welcome Schedule People Management Area Map Address Contact Us About Us Terms Eskrimador ! SP3 Media Websites | Graphics | Marketing. Main Page Pundador Punong Guro Guro Philosophies Basics Huli Lusob Links Main Headquarters Peoria, Arizona Belief Attitude Character - A ruffian has no place in Arnis let alone in sports. Refinement in character is important. Sincerity - It is the sincerity in ones self to others, also to the art. Discipline - Proper behavior in the sport and in life itself will be the gauge of success. Self-Control - Is important for without it, life and the good health of another maybe lost. Etiquette - One's norm and standard should never be imposed upon others. One should learn how to respect others. Student's Loyalty - Loyalty to the art, to a fellow player, and to his teacher. Articles: Written by Punong Guro Steven Dowd and Published - Click Here Books for Purchase : Written by Punong Guro Steven Dowd and Published - Click Here Arnis Balite Copyright by Punong Guro Steven Dowd. All Rights Reserved. Free Web Hosting Provider Web Hosting E-commerce High Speed Internet Free Web Page Search the Web Welcome! Close Would you like to make this site your homepage? It's fast and easy... Yes, Please make this my home page! No Thanks Don't show this to me again. Close Home | Balintawak Arnis | Tabimina Style | Bob Silver | Stories | PicsClips | E-mail | Look around the site and learn more about Balintawak Arnis, unique experience. Look at the PicsClips Check out the stories who Then drop us an e-mail, or post on our Have fun! CREDITS: Home About History Sayoc Kali Tuhons Training Options Instructor Course Overview Sayoc Sama Sama Contact Sayoc Instructors Schools Sayoc Blog Shop Home About History Sayoc Kali Tuhons Training Options Instructor Course Overview Sayoc Sama Sama Contact Sayoc Instructors Schools Sayoc Blog Shop Sayoc Kali - The Art of the Blade - Filipino Martial Arts All Blade, All the Time About Sayoc Kali / Sayoc Fighting SystemÂ® In the case of Pamana (Inheritor of Family Legacy) Tuhon Christopher C. Sayoc, Sr. founder and creator of Sayoc Kali Â® and the Sayoc Fighting System Â®, is the result of a lifetime of training and real life experiences. Itâs about his personal development and his understanding based on the many lessons learned throughout his life. Itâs his system, his thought process, his philosophy, his method of movement, his way of training and his way of life. *BREAKING* New NCIS: Los Angeles episode, TUHON This new NCIS: Los Angeles episode, written by Dave Kalstein and fight design by Tuhon Rafael Kayanan, airs this coming Tuesday, February 25 at 9/8c. Preview below: The Latest News from Sayoc Kali There are no items to display from the selected collection. More from the Sayoc Kali Blog - Training Gear DVDs Sayoc Mailing List Get updates on movies, products, and training Email * Name * Name Thank you! About Us History Sayoc Kali Tuhons Training Options Instructor Course Sayoc Sama Sama Contact Â  Connect Blog Facebook Instagram Youtube Sign up for the latest news Name Name Thank you! Powered by Squarespace . Content is for presentation purposes only. HOME NSI / WDS STORE AFFILIATES MEMBERS CONTACT WATER AND STEEL 2014 BLOG Sign up! Get our free newsletter. Filled with strategies and stories that will grow you beyond your art... Training for Real Life ...where there is no tapout Mr. Kelly Worden Read More Natural Spirit International / Worden Defense System Read More Seminars and Class Information Read More Certification and Affiliation Read More NSI Store Read More NSI Exclusive Products Read More The information and products contained within this website are a direct reflection of Mr. Kelly Wordenâs unprecedented contributions and accomplishments. He is the Designer of the Impact Kerambit Travel Wrench , the Saf-T-Wrench Defensive Tool , the Wortac Tactical Folder and more. A renowned innovator, Mr. Kelly S. Worden is acknowledged for his martial art contributions by Jesse Glover, Richard Bustillo, Leonard Trigg, while Taky Kimura publicly stated "Kelly S. Worden is an American Icon of Progressive Martial Arts!" Follow Us on Become a Member and Enjoy Free Monthly Newsletter Monthly WDS Instructional Video 10% Off of Store Purchases +More Click Banners for more details.. Copyright Â© 2011- . All Rights Reserved. Website Design created by Wallaby Web Design 
