 Please wait. Loading... This page will redirect in a few moments... click here . 
 SGI The Trusted Leader in High Performance Computing About Us Worldwide Tweet Newsroom Feb 24 : Alison Ryan, Americas Sales Vice President of SGI Recognized as one of CRN's 2014 Channel Chiefs Feb 12 : Jorge Titinger Named by the CEO World Awards as 2013 CEO of the Year in the Operational Effective Category Upcoming Events January - March 2014 SGI Big Data U March 25-27 HPCC Products Solutions Partners Services News Investors Servers Storage Big Data Software Remarketed Government Genomics Life Sciences Research Education Manufacturing Telco, Media Entertainment Channel Partners Channel Partner Locator Solution Partners Developer Resources Professional Services Installation Services Support Services Customer Education Support Supportfolio Press Releases Media Coverage Events Media Library Collateral Company Events Financial Press Financial Data Quarterly Results SEC Filings Learn How SGI FedCentric Deliver Real-Time Analytics for USPS (YouTube) Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Investors Subscribe Site Map Contact Us 2009 - 2014 Silicon Graphics International Corp. All Rights Reserved. 
 JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. Call us if you need help +45 96 730 800 or quote@epoka.dk products Home Products Brocade Cisco EMC Fujitsu Hitachi Data Systems IBM HP NetApp Storagetek Sun Microsystems/ Oracle About Epoka History Mission and vision Company details Company presentation film Focus areas Job Openings Press Room Profile brochure Contact Us Owner Management Accounting Administration Area Managers Engineers Logistics Marketing Representation Offices Sales Purchasing Support Terms and conditions Supplier information Track and trace RMA Search +10.000 part numbers in stock World wide delivery Extensive product range 1 2 3 4 Brands Cisco Brocade EMC Fujitsu Hitachi Data Systems HP IBM NetApp Storagetek Sun Microsystems See more brands Contact Get in touch with one of our employees Product team (sales and purchasing) Area Managers Logistics Search Film See our company presentation film . Back to the top Epoka A/S Hjulmagervej 21 DK-9490 Pandrup Phone +45 96 730 800 Fax +45 96 730 815 E-mail epoka@epoka.com About Epoka Epoka A/S is an independent reseller of high-end IT hardware such as servers, storage systems and networking equipment. Our head office is placed in Pandrup, Denmark. From here we service more than 90 countries every year with refurbished IT hardware. Made by WEXO loading... Qty: Add to Cart 

 Home February 25, 2014 
 Linux Labs designs and builds high-performance supercomputers utilizing their proprietary NimbusOS, optionally housing them in their own high-performance data center. The Linux Labs team is responsible for developing some of the most innovative Linux based technologies today and they remain on the forefront of secure operating systems, database development and search engine functions. Contact us | View site map 
 Free consultation and quotation: 650-595-5324, info@graphstream.com Advanced scalable data infrastructure for organizations of all sizes Home Building Blocks Solutions Clients Support Company Upgrading Existing Data Infrastructure Capacity Scalability Security Flexibility Usability Protection against data loss Reliability/Availability Maintainability Automation Environmental impact per unit of infrastructure capacity, including operational and embedded energy and water use Working Together with Clients In a typical client engagement, GraphStream will: Building Blocks [more] Networking, processing, and storage capacity Power and cooling capacity Infrastructure resource management Storage resource management Application delivery Solutions [more] Clients [more] GraphStream's diverse client base spans many fields, including: Healthcare Energy Manufacturing Government/Defense Financial Services Education/Research Support [more] info@graphstream.com 
 Booking cycles now for new clients. vCompute's new vPOC segments have the specialized features needed to run complex hyperscale applications, while providing flexibility with open standards. vCompute vPOC includes Intel® QuickPath Technology. up to 25.6 GB/s between vPOC components . vCompute expands with new vPOP location . New facility opened to support new projects and an additional vPOP in Houston Texas. vCompute vCompute's vCompute v Compute vCompute vCompute vPOC vPOC (virtual point of compute) services will provide the additional infrastructure you need to complete your processing on time. vCompute provides Private Cloud Architecture (IaaS), consisting of thousands of Cores utilizing hyper-scale building blocks at our vPOP (virtual point of presence) locations. The vCompute vPOC architecture is designed to support high-performance cluster computing, Web 2.0 environments and cloud builders. Industries including Energy, Geosciences, Government Agencies, Universities, Software Developers, Chemical Companies, Manufacturers and others have used our vPOC locations for many complex applications. NO NEED TO BUY MORE SERVERS NO NEED TO EXPAND YOUR DATA CENTER SCALE UP FOR FASTER COMPUTE SECURE ACCESS TO VPOC locations USE OUR PRIVATE CLOUD AND VIRTUALIZED ENVIRONMENTS vPOC Services Quick Deployment Hyperscalable Segmented Storage Intel® QuickPath 24/7 Security Managed Services HPC systems Cloud Architecture Server Farms Linux Clusters Windows servers vCompute News Updates What makes vCompute . I vCompute Hosting Self Managed Hosting Solutions vCompute Support Not a Member? Register Now!                      Company | Services | Solutions | Projects | Support | Contacts Privacy Policy / Terms of Use 
 
