 Noorderlicht Photofestival Photogallery Projects Education Photographers Press Info Shop Support us Current nl en ok Five Views from Korea Photogallery 8 Feb - 13 Apr In this group exhibition 5 Korean photographers reflect on the discomfort and nagging feeling of an unending cold war since the division of the Korean peninsula. now on show Photogallery 8 Feb - 13 Apr FIVE VIEWS FROM KOREA Seung Woo Back - Jaegu Kan - Insook Kim - Suntag Noh - Xuezhe Shen now on show Photogallery 8 Feb - 13 Apr 'Het zoete en zure verhaal van suiker' Presentation of students from Minerva Art Academy in the basement of the Photogallery News Xiaoxiao Xu exhibits in Paris Her latest series 'The way to the Golden Mountain', commisioned by Noorderlicht continues its way. Now on show from 7 feb - 15 Mar at the Circulation(s) Festival in Paris. Go to Circulation(s) Photogallery Expected Rob Hornstra - The Sochi Project 19 Apr - 22 June read more News Announcement theme Noorderlicht 2014 The theme of the main exhibition of the Noorderlicht International Photofestival 2014 is announced. Submissions and suggestions of photographers and curators are welcome. read more App for iphone Photography from around the globe in the palm of your hand. The complete Noorderlicht archives in app available. (Dutch and English) Get it now, it's free Follow Noorderlicht Twitter Facebook Blog Andrea Stultiens Much has changed in Liberia On commission for 'The Sequel' in Africa, Andrea Stultiens reported about her process while working in the footsteps of Paul Julien. Read the final part 4 here. Read blog Feeds newsletter Apply for our newsletter Contact Address Noorderlicht Photography Akerkhof 12 9711 JB Groningen The Netherlands Telephone +31 (0) 50 3182227 Email Opening hours Photogallery Follow @Noorderlicht_NL Exhibitions I ARTIST. Everyone is an artist Transcendent Amateur Archives and Amateurs Special Exhibitions The New York Times Magazine Photographs Tearsheets 23 Years of Łódź through the Lens of Gazeta Wyborcza Photographers Grand Prix Fotofestiwal 2013 Accompanying Exhibitions Events Education Workshops Portfolio review Photo walks with Dalkia Photographic Publication of the Year 2013 Meetings Live streaming FotoSuperMarket Slide shows Reading Room Fortepan The night of open ateliers Parties OFF Piotrkowska Timetable Plan your visit Festival Centre / Tickets Places Hotels / Hostels Restaurants / Pubs / Clubs History Partners For press Contact 24/01/2014 Grand Prix Fotofestiwal 2014 finalists We are happy to announce that jury of Grand Prix 2014 decided to choose 10 finalists whose works will be presented during Fotofestiwal, between 5 th and 15 th of June 2014. We got 600 applications and the level was remarkably high. The name of the winner will be announced More + 16/10/2013 GRAND PRIX FOTOFESTIWAL 2014 Deadline for submissions is 16th of December 2013. The winner will receive the prize of 10,000 PLN (about 2300 euro). Works of the winner and eight finalists will be presented at the exhibition during Fotofestiwal in June 2014 and as a slide show during international festivals of photography. More + 29/08/2013 Karolina Jonderko at Noorderlicht FOTOFESTIWAL International Festival of Photography in Lodz, Poland presents Karolina Jonderko Lost as part of the 20th Noorderlicht Photofestival and the exhibition ‘20|20, A world of photography’. More + 17/06/2013 Joan Fontcuberta live You couldn’t come to Fotofestiwal? Together with  DotFilm company we have prepared live streaming for all the fans of photography who will have to stay at home this weekend but at the same time would like to participate in the meeting with Joan Fontcuberta More + 16/06/2013 Fotofestiwal 2013 has finished Memories of these days will not fade – certainly not those of the numerous meetings, gasps of admiration, amazing discoveries, gripping discussions and, first and foremost, top-notch photography. We would like to thank all visitors for the time they spent with the artists whose works More + 07/06/2013 Festival app for smatphones Do you want to feel more photographic this weekend? You can immerse in photos from the Fortepian.hu gallery by using an application made by Cybercom ! Share ready photos on social Facebook and Twitter or send them via email to your mother and your father. More + Prev Exhibitions Events Timetable Plan your visit For press Partners History Contact Coding by: Osten FR EN FotoFest Announces Arab Artists and Programs for 2014 Biennial FOTOFEST 2014 BIENNIAL Information and Dates 2014 International Fine Print Auction 2014 Meeting Place Portfolio Review in Houston 2014 Discoveries of the Meeting Place Exhibition 2014 Workshops for Meeting Place Participants and the Public FOTOFUN 2014 - The Annual Fundraiser for Literacy Through Photography FIRST LOOK FotoFest's Collectors Group Submitting your artwork to FotoFest Home About Map Fringe Festival line-up Press Projects Events Friends Links We would like to thank our audience and sadly confirm that due to funding cutbacks there will not be a festival in 2012 and that the festival team were made redundant in January 2012. We would like to thank Caitlin, Jaime and Cai as well as Kirsty and Kerry our interns for producing what was acclaimed as two of the best of our 21 years of festivals and wish them well in their future work. HPF are delighted to announce that Simon Bainbridge, editor of The British Journal of Photography will curate the exhibition at Hereford Museum and Art Gallery this year. Time Motion Studies presents the works of five photographers, each the result of deliberate and sustained observation. But more than that, each employs a carefully thought-out strategy for their study, a methodology by which to transcribe and communicate ideas about the world, tackling subjects that aren’t always obviously photogenic. For the photographers in the exhibition, the ideas they are trying to communicate take prescience over aesthetic concerns, although these remain important, both in terms of engaging viewers and in contributing to the development of a wider photographic language. Photographers include Vanessa Winship, George Georgiou, Donald Weber, Robbie Cooper and Manuel Vasquez Simon said: “I was thrilled to be approached by Hereford Photography Festival who have such a great history of exhibiting international photographic work. I’m excited to be working with them in this their twenty-first year, on an exhibition that will respond to the idea of movement; this year’s festival theme. Work will focus on the strategies contemporary photographers employ to capture everyday life as it passes across their frame and photographers will be selected from the UK and throughout the world.” photograph: Vanessa Winship There is now no office support for the festival we are sorry if you have tried to make contact and have not had a reply Become a friend of HPF See Festival Programme HPF Seminar Feel free to Contact us Latest News - New stock and event photography website -Map of Hereford Venues - HPF RM Shoot-Out Film on our HCA Young persons photo comp Social Links Flickr - Hereford Photography Festival 2010 2009 Home About Join Friends Open Here Projects Opportunities Mailing List Education Links Facebook Twitter Flickr Contact enquiries@photofest.org Design by www.lukedesign.co.uk Website by www.infinityunlimited.co.uk Quick Links Homepage Navigation To content International festival of photojournalism August 30 to September 14, 2014 September 15 to 19 September 1 to 6 September 1 to 7 Choose your preferred language Franais English Espaol Catal Navigation Home The festival Exhibitions Screenings Meetings Locations Awards Education Books Professional week About Accreditation Press area Who is in Perpignan How to participate History Info on Perpignan Perpignan facts How to get there Where to eat Where to stay Friends of Visa pour l'Image. Welcome to Visa pour l'Image, the premier International Festival of Photojournalism held in Perpignan, France. This festival is a unique event where you can join thousands of kindred spirits who share a love and passion for photography. View the greatest photojournalist work from around the world in exhibitions across the city. Experience the evening screenings in the dramatic open air medieval enclosure of the Campo Santo. Take part in symposiums and conferences and meet the foremost photo agencies and manufacturers of photographic related equipment. Explore the web site for full details. News Exhibitions Exhibitions are open from August 31 to September 15, 2013. They present stories or anthologies of a photographer's work. See complete list of the exhibitions. Calendar During the professional week (September 2 to September 8) make sure to check the calendar every day for updates on events taking place at different venues in Perpignan. Registration More More More More Visa pour lImage Blog Screenings Campo Santo is the venue for the evening screenings. The program includes a chronological review of the news stories from the previous year, reports and features on social issues, war, stories that have made the news and others that have been kept quiet. Meetings Perpignan is the place where professionals can discuss their problems, debating issues involved in producing and using pictures and the future of the profession. The symposium and "meet the photographer" sessions cover a wide range of questions. Where to stay Book early as the hotels do get very booked. Don't forget you can always hire a villa or apartment in or near the town. Beaches are only thirty minutes away by car and buses and trains run frequently. More More More More French Spanish Catelan Footer Sponsors Credits Contact Back to top Visa pour lImage 2014 Eddie Adams Workshop The premier tuition-free photography experience. Building an elite photojournalism community for 25 years, 100 students at a time About the Eddie Adams Workshop Contact Board of Directors Black Team Notable Alumni Class of XXV Class of XXVI Apply Who is Eddie Adams? Sponsors Blog Multimedia 2012 XXV Barnstorm Multimedia 2011 Barnstorm XXIV Multimedia 2010 Barnstorm XXIII Multimedia 2009 Barnstorm XXII Multimedia Twitter Follow @EAWorkshop on Twitter 2014 Key Dates March 1: Application Process Opens 2014 Eddie Adams Workshop All Rights Reserved. ~ info@woothemes.com ~ Powered by WordPress . Designed by Search Here Login Press Area Scotiabank Contact Photography Festival 2014 Festival Festival Theme Portfolio Reviews Open Exhibitions FAQ About Us CONTACT Gallery Overview Team Contact Us Print Sales Gallery Supporters Sponsors Partners Scotiabank BMW Nikon Cabinet of Donors Archives 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 Join Our Mailing list from the series "The Road to Nowhere" , 2012-2013      The Road to Nowhere Ian Willms Read More Aphoristic Currents , 2013. Digital C-print      CONTACT 2014 Festival Launch Join us on Coastal Cluster at Black Sea, Adler, Russia , 2011, © Rob Hornstra / Flatland Gallery. From: An Atlas of War and Tourism in the Caucasus (Aperture, 2013), Organized by Aperture Foundation, New York and The Sochi Project.      CONTACT 2014 Upcoming Exhibition by Rob Hornstra + Arnold van Bruggen Johana Foamz , 2008, digital photograph, Organized with Wedge Curatorial Projects, Robert & Christopher Publishers and presented with The Power Plant      CONTACT 2014 Upcoming Exhibition A Survey of Contemporary Caribbean Photography Tatanka , 2013      CONTACT 2014 Upcoming Public Installation Indian Candy by Dana Claxton Kung-Fu Fighting , 1975, 2012, digital C-print mounted on Dibond, Courtesy the artist and David Zwirner, New York, London, and Victoria Miro, London      Scotiabank Photography Award Stan Douglas News 2014 Festival Information Complete information about CONTACT 2014 exhibitions, events, and other programs, will be available online April 1. CONTACT Portfolio Reviews Registration is Now Open This programme provides opportunities for artists and photographers to meet with international professionals in the field of photography. May 4 & 5 @ The Gladstone Hotel More Film: EVERYBODY STREET CONTACT is proud to co-present Cheryl Dunn's film "Everybody Street" with HotDocs. Follow @ContactPhoto on Twitter and look out for our giveaway of 4 pairs tickets to the March 4 screening of "Everybody Street." More In Your Planner View Full Print Photography Festival 310-80 Spadina Avenue Toronto ON M5V 2J4 CANADA info@contactphoto.com Twitter Facebook Flickr Tumblr Mailing List 
