 Jump to content Other Content: Most Active Topics ChE Links Legacy Articles New Releases Popular Articles Process Engineering Process Design Process Safety Legacy Newsletters Contact Us Google Sign in options Remember me This is not recommended for shared computers Sign in anonymously Don't add me to the active users list Privacy Policy Sign In Create Account Search Advanced Search section: Google Site Search Google Site Search This database Forums Members Help Files New Content Home Forums Industrial Forum Process Heat Transfer Student Forum Refining Forum Simulation Forum Relief Devices Forum Tank Venting Forum Sign In Register Quick Nav Members Calendar Status Updates Blogs ChE Express Community Blog Ankurs Blog Articles Separation Technology Calcs and Tips Fluid Flow Heat Transfer Maint/Repair Utilities Safety Bulk Solids Processes Energy Other Topics For Students Physical Properties File Library Excel Spreadsheets Article Supplements Hall of Fame ChE Plus Store ChE Plus Bulk Solids Fluid Flow Heat Transfer Maintenance Training Mechanical Design Equipment Specs Physical Properties Separation Technology Other Tools Tank Volumes Safety and Venting FAQ Site FAQ Technical FAQ Search FB More Cheresources.com Community Pages Chemical Engineering - Frontpage Latest Downloads HDPE Liners for Carbon Steel Pipes for Corrosive Services Tube Layout Calculator for Shell and Tube Heat Exchangers Steam Loss from Malfunctioning Steam Traps Time Dependent Non-boiling Liquid Outflow Through a Hole from a Vertical Cylindrical Vessel Time Dependent Gas Leak Outflow Through a Hole Pump System Curve Generator MS Excel to Hysys Gas Cooler Tank Gravity Drain Time Calculator Rupture Disk Preliminary Sizing for Atmospheric Venting Design and Operations of Natural Gas Handling Facitlities Popular Store Titles Tank Jacket Calculator Specification Sheet Collection PIPESIZE Relief Valve Sizing Rupture Disc Sizing See More Titles Recent Status Updates Unlock Lock 23 Feb My photo album on flickr at: http://www.flickr.com/photos/114458871@N02/ Hide Comments Unlock Lock 19 Feb The latest Chexpress headlines are here: http://www.cheresources.com/invision/blog/17/entry-400-chexpress-february-19-2014/ Hide Comments Unlock Lock 31 Jan New blog entry from Ankur - Design Equations for Venturi Scrubbers - http://www.cheresources.com/invision/blog/4/entry-396-design-equations-for-venturi-scrubbers/ Hide Comments Unlock Lock 12 Jan Gas compressors Hide Comments Unlock Lock 18 Oct Helping Hands In Engineering World Hide Comments View All Updates Chemical and Process Engineering Resources ChExpress Blog - 2/19/14 Read the latest news from the chemical industry in Christa's blog. Ankurs Blog Get technical tips and spreadsheets in Ankur's blog. Community Blog Read about enhancements to our community. Featured Articles Check out the latest featured articles. Community Forums Join in the conversation in our community forums. File Library Check out the latest downloads available in the File Library. Recent Blog Entries Chexpress - February 19, 2014 ChExpress Blog 19 Feb Chexpress - February 5, 2014 ChExpress Blog 04 Feb Uklpg (British) Code Of Practice For Safety In Bulk Lpg Storage Ankurs_Chemical_Engg_Blog 04 Feb Design Equations For Venturi Scrubbers Ankurs_Chemical_Engg_Blog 26 Jan Chexpress - January 22, 2014 ChExpress Blog 22 Jan Sign in now! We are 85,839 people and we have posted more than 78,252 messages! Recently discussed forum topics: Gravity Flow Line Sizing Calculation (5) Bobby Strain Uv Asme Stamp On A Psv With Din Drilling Flanges (0) jamesgo Api 2000 Table 9 (0) aqassam Gas Flowrate Calculation (3) latexman Fcc Fluw Gas Slide Valves (2) sfoskett Olga And Pipesim (3) Uguru Vent Silencer Design (1) rajeevkesam Pump Heat Ingress (1) Fernando Bórquez Atmospheric Storage Tank Fire Exposure Scenario (0) Seemsata Design Of A Textile Fabric Hydroextractor (0) khiv Hysys Link Vba (6) Fernando Bórquez Differential Range For Orifice (4) fallah Check Valve Back Flow (9) fallah Bfw Reverse Flow To Deaerator (9) papillion De-Watering Of A Direct-Fired Heater Coil (6) mgamil24 Mark Community Read | View more Become a Member Today Stay up to date on the newest content Post questions and answers in our community forums Access downloads and attachments Read member blogs and start your own blog Connect with other industrial professionals Post status updates Member support Sign up Now Access Premium Content - ChE Plus Included are 15 premium MS Excel spreadsheets, 26 premium article titles covering engineering data and maintenance, and equipment specification sheets in MS Excel format for 22 different types of equipment. See the entire file list Join ChE Plus Now Product Viscosity Versus Shear Fluid Flow Many products are known to be shear thinning, which is a term given to materials that exhibit a decrease in viscosity when force is exerted. The viscosity of pseudoplastic fluids decreases with shear, and recovers quickly when the shear is removed. Examples include paper pulp in water, latex paint, molasses, and pharmaceutical suspensions (such as certain cough syrups). Read story 3 comments product , shear and 3 more... Valve Sizing and Selection Fluid Flow Read story 11 comments valve , sizing , selection Falling Film Evaporators in the Food Industry Heat Transfer Read story 0 comments falling , film , evaporators , food and 1 more... Flow Through Orifice Plates in Compressible Flu... Safety and Pressure Relief Read story 0 comments high , pressure , orifice , flow and 2 more... Heat Exchanger Effectiveness Heat Transfer Read story 0 comments heat , exchanger , effectiveness and 2 more... Extractive Distillation: An In-Depth Look Separation Technology Read story 1 comments extractive , distillation Plate Heat Exchangers: Preliminary Design Heat Transfer Read story 4 comments Statistical Process Control: Process and Qualit... Process and Reactions Read story 2 comments spc , statistical , process and 3 more... Water Chemistry and Treatment Utilities Water is a natural solvent. Rain water is acidic due to carbon dioxide picked up in the atmosphere. Water and CO2 make carbonic acid (acid rain). Water hardness is primarily calcium and magnesium. Calcium is limestone - common throughout Midwest. Acid water dissolves limestone, iron, and other minerals in soil. Read story 1 comments water , chemistry , treatment and 1 more... Estimating Heat Capacities for Solutions with D... Calculations and Tips Read story 0 comments Tank Blanketing Basics Covered Safety and Pressure Relief Read story 1 comments tank , blanket , blanketing , basics Understanding Compressible Flow Fluid Flow Read story 0 comments compressible , flow , understanding Steam Tracing with MS Excel Heat Transfer Read story 2 comments steam , tracing , calculation Centrifugal Pumps: Basic Concepts of Operation,... Fluid Flow Read story 15 comments Using Equivalent Lengths of Valves and Fittings Fluid Flow Read story 1 comments Hollow Fiber Membranes Separation Technology Read story 0 comments Fume Control and Scrubbing on Hydrochloric Acid... Process and Reactions Read story 0 comments Ammonia: The Next Step Process and Reactions Read story 0 comments Making Decisions with Insulation Heat Transfer Read story 2 comments Specifying A Liquid-Liquid Heat Exchanger Heat Transfer Read story 0 comments Experienced Based Rules of Chemical Engineering Calculations and Tips Read story 7 comments A Students Guide to Refining Energy Read story 7 comments Correlations for Convective Heat Transfer Heat Transfer Read story 0 comments U in Heat Exchangers Heat Transfer Typical values of U are useful for quickly estimating the required surface area. The literature has many tabulations of such typical coefficients for commercial heat transfer services. Read story 0 comments Pneumatic Conveying Design Bulk Solids Read story 0 comments Refinery Planning and Optimization Energy Read story 0 comments Basics of Industrial Heat Transfer Heat Transfer Read story 1 comments Crystallization Separation Technology Read story 0 comments Keeping Ejectors Online Utilities Read story 0 comments Forms of Corrosion Maintenance and Repair Read story 0 comments Forum Quick Links Industrial Forum Student Forum Refining Forum Simulation Forum Relief Devices Forum Tank Venting Forum Article Navigation Separation Technology Calculations and Tips Fluid Flow Heat Transfer Maintenance and Repair Utilities Safety and Pressure Relief Bulk Solids Process and Reactions Energy Other Topics For Students Physical Properties Archived Articles Cheresources.com Community Pages Chemical Engineering - Frontpage Guidelines / Rules for Posting Mark Community Read Forums Members Blogs Pages Downloads Store Mark all as read Help Community Forum Software by IP.Board 3.4.5 Sign In Use Google Use Facebook Register now! Username or email: Password I've forgotten my password Remember me This is not recommended for shared computers Sign in anonymously Don't add me to the active users list Privacy Policy 
 An Outline of a Research Strategy Current interests include such topics as AMTMP, experimental AMTMP, theory Microwave Response due to Light Induced Changes in the Complex Dielectric Constant of Semiconductors rectangular/linear DOS Manifestations of Various Distributions of Localized States in the Multiple Trapping Model - New Implications exponential DOS Gaussian DOS CdSe thin film Advanced Transient Microwave Photoconductivity Measurements of Polycrystalline CdSe Films Si GaAs Shine on you crazy diamond Surface effects back to Serguei's Home Page 
 ALL ABOUT ENTROPY, THE LAWS OF THERMODYNAMICS, AND ORDER FROM DISORDER ENTROPYLAW.COM Foundations of Physics, Life and Cognition: Basic Texts, Reviews, Research Material The law of entropy , or the second law of thermodynamics , along with the first law of thermodynamics comprise the most fundamental laws of physics. Entropy (the subject of the second law) and energy (the subject of the first law) and their relationship are fundamental to an understanding not just of physics, but to life (biology, evolutionary theory, ecology) , cognition (psychology) . According to the old view, the second law was viewed as a 'law of disorder'. The major revolution in the last decade is the recognition of the law of maximum entropy production or and with it an expanded view of thermodynamics showing that the spontaneous production of order from disorder is the expected consequence of basic laws . This site provides basic texts, articles, links, and references that take the reader from the classical views of thermodynamics in simple terms, to today's new and richer understanding. Entropy and Energy: The Laws of Thermodynamics The Entropy Law (The Second Law of Thermodynamics) The Entropy Law as Law of Disorder (Boltzmann's Interpretation: The Statistical View) Order from Disorder: The Law of Maximum Entropy Production (MEP) ; Thermodynamics and Evolution: The Evolution of Life as a Consequence of the Laws of Thermodynamics The Consequences of the New More Complete Understanding of the Entropy Law for Biology, Psychology, and Culture or Social Theories Additional Information on Entropy (c) Copyright 2001 CONTACT ENTROPY LAW 
 Introduction & Overview! Welcome to our . conceptual origins in Great Britain , subsequent in the United States contributions made in this Century. tables and figures help illustrate the in the chemical industry , the , and its educational infrastructure . Some questions we hope to examine include : ? ? ? ? ? only a brief tour leaves many important events untouched , as there are many excellent sources available reactions , comments , and suggestions - Wayne Pafko Welcome "The end already... go back to the top ." NEW: Here is the Term: Method: Entire Document Title Only Match: Any Terms Exact Phrase We always welcome COMMENTS, SUGGESTIONS, OR REACTIONS pafko.com / history /h_intro.html 
 Accessibility navigation 0 - Access key details 5 - Frequently Asked questions (FAQ) 9 - Main University of Reading contacts University Of Reading Chemistry Chemistry is the Future Chemistry at Reading - Inspiration in Research, Innovation in Teaching You need to have javascript enabled to view this image gallery. If you do not have javascript, you can view these images on the Flickr website athttp://www.flickr.com/photos/82409292@N06/sets/72157630620726822/ News and Events Chemistry Department Research Collouquium â Dr Valeska Ting, University of Bath Chemistry Department Research Colloquium â Dr Michael P. Shaver, University of Edinburgh Chemistry Department Research Colloquium â Dr Susan Quinn, University College Dublin âUltrafast Vibrational Spectroscopy of DNA Excited States: Understanding of the role of sequence and structureâ? Chemistry Department Research Colloquium â Dr Jim A. Thomas, University of Sheffield Chemistry Department Research Colloquium â Dr Oscar Ces, Imperial College London âNovel Tools and Technologies for Single Cell Analysis and Artificial Cell Constructionâ? Chemistry Department Research Colloqium â Professor Giuseppe Battaglia, UCL Chemistry Department Research Colloquium â Dr Jonathan R. Nitschke, Cambridge University Fume Cupboards upgrades Chemistry Department Research Colloquia â Dr Simon Lancaster (UEA), RSC Higher Education Award Winner (2013) Chemistry Department Research Colloquia â Professor Peter Beton, University of Nottingham âFlexibility and stacking in adsorbed linear, cyclic and two-dimensional polymersâ? About us Read about our staff and their areas of expertise, our research, teaching and enterprise activities. Research Read about our cutting edge research. Undergraduate study Find out about our undergraduate degree courses and scholarships . Postgraduate study Find out about our postgraduate degrees and postgraduate studentships . Outreach Ourprogrammes aim to engage all ages. Working with Industry How we work with industry. For current students and staff Things to do now Contact Details Tel: Fax: Dept of Chemistry University of Reading Whiteknights Reading, RG6 6AD For Satellite Navigation use the postcode RG6 6UR for the campus Tweets Tweets by @UniRdg_Chem Follow @UniRdg_Chem Page navigation UoR Home Chemistry Home About us Undergraduate Courses Postgraduate Research Outreach Working with industry International Students See also Chemical Analysis Facility The School of Chemistry, Food & Pharmacy PhD position read more Footer navigation Accessibility Privacy policy Cookies Disclaimer Site map Contact us Find us University of Reading Life Study Research Business About News events Search Form A-Z lists Search University site This section 
 Adventure Auto Culture Entertainment Home Garden Money Science Tech Video Shows Quizzes Games Engineering Environmental Science Forces of Nature Innovation Life Science Military Physical Science Dictionary Science Vs. Myth Space Transportation Zoology Home Science Environmental Science Energy Production More Stuff Like This 10 Science Experiments to Do in the Snow 10 Weirdest Sources for Antibiotics Puzzle: Shuttle Launch How Oil Refining Works by Craig Freudenrich, Ph.D. 1 Introduction to How Oil Refining Works 2 Crude Oil 3 From Crude Oil 4 The Refining Process Oil Fields Image Gallery Oil Fields Image Gallery Refineries turn crude oil into products such as gasoline and plastics. See more pictures of oil fields and refining .    Photo courtesy Phillips Petroleum Company Oil Alternatives Fuel Cells Solar Cells HowStuffWorks Forum: Have you ever worked in oil refining? ­I­n movies and television shows -- Giant , Oklahoma Crude , Armageddon , Beverly Hillbillies -- we have seen images of thick, black crude oil gushing out of the ground or a drilling platform.­ But when you pump the gasoline for your ­car, you've probably noticed that it is clear. And there are so many other products that come from oil, including crayons, plastics, heating oil, jet fuel, kerosene, synthetic fibers and tires.­ ­How is it possible to start with crude oil and end up with gasoline and all of these other products?­ In­ this article, we'll examine the chemistry and technology involved in refining crude oil to produce all of these different things. Launch Video Print Cite This! Close Please copy/paste the following text to properly cite this HowStuffWorks article: Citation & Date Feedback 1 Introduction to How Oil Refining Works 2 Crude Oil 3 From Crude Oil 4 The Refining Process 5 Fractional Distillation 6 Chemical Processing 7 Treating and Blending the Fractions 8 Lots More Information More To Explore All Things Science 10 Incredible Wind Power Facts 10 Remarkable Exoplanets Fact or Fiction: Earthquakes Top 10 Things That Women Invented Strange, Spooky, Scary: The Supernatural Quiz Watch 100 Greatest Discoveries videos   You Might Also Like Could color-coded bacteria help spot oil spills? Liquid petroleum quickly taints everything it touches, covering soil, water and wildlife with its black, viscous stickiness. Cleanup takes a lot longer. Is the best way to mop up an oil spill glowing under a microbiologist's microscope? How precise are deep sea oil scanners? Let's take a quick second to talk about what a deep-sea oil scanner does. It sends out a laser beam toward whatever needs to be scanned underwater -- usually an oil rig and the surrounding sea floor Popular Articles James Herriot How the Ozone Layer Works Eco Documentaries You Must See Most Popular Most Watched Most Popular Most Watched Don't Miss Hard Science: Taking Science Experiments to the Extreme Explore the Stuff of Genius behind incredible inventions. Look into the future with Fw:Thinking. CHECK OUT OUR PODCASTS HOWSTUFFWORKS NEWSLETTER THE LATEST AND GREATEST SUBSCRIBE HOWSTUFFWORKS Adventure Auto Culture Entertainment Health Home Garden Lifestyle Money Science Tech MORE STUFF Blogs Games HSW Tools RSS Maps Podcasts Quizzes Newsletters Video OUR WEBSITES Animal Planet Animalist Animal Planet Live Destination America Discovery Channel Discovery Fit Health Discovery News FWThinking HSW Brazil HSW China Investigation Discovery Oprah Winfrey Network Revision3 Science Channel Velocity Stuff You Should Know Stuff to Blow Your Mind Stuff of Genius TLC Discovery Education Discovery Retreats Store CUSTOMER SERVICE Advertising Contact Us Help CORPORATE About Us Careers @ Discovery Privacy Policy Visitor Agreement TAKE US WITH YOU FOLLOW US 1998-2014 HowStuffWorks, Inc 
 Overview Cheif Scientist Sean Smith Applied Technology Group Geochemistry Interfacial Sciences Group Nanomaterials Chemistry Group Nuclear Analytical Chemistry and Isotopics Laboratory Soft Materials Group Provided by Oak Ridge National Laboratory's Chemical Sciences Division Rev: November 2013 
 Welcome to Kolmetz.Com Do You Know that Engineering and Process Equipment Design Guidelines Typical Process Unit Operating Manuals Contracting Strategy of a Project Please Review Our Key Partners or curse the darkness? F about the website, please contact kkolmetzgm@gmail.com Key Word Cloud Refinery Training, HAZID Training, Senior Independent Distillation Consultant, Distillation Design Studies, Crude Unit Design Studies, Ethylene Unit Design Studies, Process Safety Guidelines, Process Safety Classes Typical Operating Manuals, Refinery Operating Manuals, Typical Refinery Operating Manuals, Typical Utility Operating Manuals, Hydrotreater Operating Manuals, Wastewater Treatment Manuals, Crude Unit Operating Manuals, Boiler Operating Manuals, FCC Unit Operating Manuals, BTX Unit Operating Manuals, Flare System Operating Manuals Process Industry Standards PIP, Guide to Project Management Guide to Equipment Design Template to Project management Template to Equipment Design Step by Step Guide e-learning guides Body of Knowledge Quick start guide Policies Standards and Guidelines Project Management Guide Control Valves Design Guideline Air Separation Units Process and Design Cooling Towers Process and Design Distillation Towers Process and Design Relief Valve Process and Design Technical Introduction Non Technical Introduction Reboilers Process and Design Engineering Project Standard for PID 
 Smart questions Smart answers Smart people Find A Forum Find An Expert Join Directory Search Tell A Friend Whitepapers Jobs INTELLIGENT WORK FORUMS FOR ENGINEERING PROFESSIONALS Member Login Username or Email Password Remember Me Forgot Password? Join Us! Come Join Us! Are you an Engineering professional? Join Eng-Tips now! Talk With Other Members Be Notified Of Responses To Your Posts Keyword Search One-Click Access To Your Favorite Forums Automated Signatures On Your Posts Best Of All, It's Free! *Eng-Tips's functionality depends on members receiving e-mail. By joining you are opting in to receive e-mail. Indeed Jobs what job title, keywords where city, state, zip jobs by LINK TO THIS FORUM! Add Stickiness To Your Site By Linking To This Professionally Managed Technical Forum. BBCode Chemical engineering other topics forum at Eng-Tips Markdown MediaWiki a href="http://www.eng-tips.com/threadminder.cfm?pid=135"Chemical engineering other topics Forum at Eng-Tips Eng-Tips LinkedIn Group Join our LinkedIn Group! Hook up with past and present colleagues and classmates quickly. Partner With Us! Best Of Breed Forums Add Stickiness To Your Site Feedback More... Geography Click Here To Find Out! Eng-Tips Shirts! Get your Eng-Tips Forums SWAG here! Home Forums Chemical Engineers Activities Chemical engineering other topics Forum (17146 members) forum135 Forum Search FAQs Links Jobs Whitepapers MVPs 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Start New Thread trashcanman (Mechanical) 9 replies 24 Feb 14 (16 Feb 14) Perfect gas law for methan JETY87 (Aerospace) 14 replies 25 Jan 14 (29 Dec 13) Time to transfer a certain amount of mass between to vessels (Liquid butane to gas+liquid butane) Atika88 (Chemical) 4 replies 7 Jan 14 (3 Jan 14) i need a ideas for research Matt17 (Chemical) 3 replies 7 Jan 14 (19 Dec 13) Dilatant Fluids Parameters PaulLag (Mechanical) 4 replies 3 Jan 14 (29 Oct 13) Nitrogen Dew Point iago89 (Petroleum) 0 replies 14 Dec 13 (14 Dec 13) solubilities of light hydrocarbon in propylene carbonate birkATO (Chemical) 4 replies 10 Dec 13 (9 Dec 13) how much methanol in air at a given temperature metabzahrani (Chemical) 5 replies 6 Dec 13 (24 Jul 13) Steam temp set point for Rebiolers Covboy69 (Chemical) 1 replies 8 Nov 13 (21 Oct 13) Residence Time Distributions hsme (Mechanical) 0 replies 5 Nov 13 (5 Nov 13) housing of pressure transmitter marcosdias (Mechanical) 2 replies 3 Nov 13 (2 Nov 13) Phosphoric Acid (H3PO4) - coefficient of expansion Bretina (Marine/Ocean) 5 replies 28 Oct 13 (8 Oct 13) Inorganic non-Newtonian fluids stk123 (Chemical) 3 replies 2 Sep 13 (1 Sep 13) Gas injection wellhead valve open/close sequence sam17sam (Chemical) 12 replies 29 Aug 13 (24 Mar 13) Computer choice for university (3) sabaunique (Chemical) 2 replies 23 Aug 13 (20 Aug 13) ternary solid-liquid equilibrium data of water + solute A + solute B (A and B not to be non organic) aquafied (Mechanical) 3 replies 13 Aug 13 (16 Jun 13) Mixing different gasses (3) nibola (Mechanical) 3 replies 12 Aug 13 (9 Aug 13) Copper corrosion meter vbpp (Petroleum) 1 replies 26 Jul 13 (24 Jul 13) AFC design magnasanti (Materials) 8 replies 24 Jul 13 (13 Jul 13) How to dissove nylon but not Neoprene vbpp (Petroleum) 2 replies 24 Jul 13 (21 Jul 13) MAXWELL BONNELL TEMP 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Start A New Thread Posting in the Eng-Tips forums is a member-only feature. Click Here to join Eng-Tips and talk with other members! Join | Indeed Jobs Advertise | About Us | Contact Us | Site Policies Copyright 1998-2014 Tecumseh Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized reproduction or linking forbidden without express written permission. Close Box Join Eng-Tips Today! Join your peers on the Internet's largest technical engineering professional community. It's easy to join and it's free. Here's Why Members Love Eng-Tips Forums: Talk To Other Members Notification Of Responses To Questions Favorite Forums One Click Access Keyword Search Of All Posts, And More... Register now while it's still free! Already a member? Close this window and log in. Join Us Close 
 Strategies for Creative Problem Solving Website Essentials of CRE Website TOC 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 appendices Lecture Notes 2008 Asynchronous Learning University of Michigan ChE 344 University of Michigan ChE 528 Additional Software - Aspen Plus - MATLAB - ReactorLab - Visual Encyclopedia - Reactors Objectives Learning Resources - Summary Notes - Web Modules - Interactive Computer Modules - Solved Problems Living Example Problems - Polymath - FEMLAB Professional Reference Shelf Additional Homework Problems Interactive Modules Web Modules Computer Modules Problem Solving Updates FAQ Syllabi Credits 
 CheFEM Software | Consultancy | Contact Us Key to a Reliable Service Life CheFEM Software Consultancy About Us Learn more about CheFEM More on Consultancy More About Us Composite Agency will kick-off JEC 2014 with a presentation on CheFEM prologue simulation software! 
 Chemical Engineering Net 2.0 Totally Everything about Chemical Engineering About Association Contact Directory Jobs Privacy Policy What is risk management? Academic , Companies , General , News , Project Management , training 0 What is Risk Management? A business man may find it necessary to search for an answer to such question. Especially if he is managing his own business and have several people under his rooster. So, what is risk management ? Well, risk management involves assessing and calculates any business ricks. Then it is your responsibility to take certain measures to counteract as well as reduce or control such risks. It is also a part of the compliance function. However, can also be part of a particular business unit. Which are securities trading desks as well as loan origination departments. Now, if you intend to work in risk management. You need to take up a bachelor’s degree as the bare minimum and it likewise requires MBA. You need to have a strong quantitative skill to make it into such management. In risk management there are also duties and responsibilities that you need to be aware of. It is mostly concerned on identifying as well as calculating the risks faced by your firm. Risk managers are either known to be generalists or specialists. In which the former is known to cover many different areas, while the latter is known to concentrate on a single area. In financial services industry however, there are certain major phases of risks involved. However, it is not limited with the following factors: Losses on securities held by the traders, Defaults on loans doled out by the company, Lose of investment securities held by the company’s own account and the counter party risk. Risk managers as well as its personnel’s are known to build up, apply and implement certain rules and regulations which were designed to lessen such risks. They likewise employ several financial instruments and contracts to prevent as well as control risks. Such as swaps, insurance, Derivatives, Future Contracts as well as option contracts. Once you become a risk manager, commitment is regarded as a high variable, dependent on the company and your position. Since you’re handling a vital position, you can expect to put in workweeks that would far exceed at 40 hours. On the other hand, when financial or economic crisis arise consider yourself to be always on call. Since you’ll be handling a crucial position, you’ll be expected to perform a satisfactory job.  In addition, you can expect a higher pay and respect from your constituents, thus making your work place fast-paced and stimulating. Image credited to wallstreetlaw.typepad.com/sherman/worst-case-scenario-risk-management/ Recommended Reading Chemical Engineering Jobs Chemical Engineering Associations Why You Should Invest in Energy Training Courses? New Jersey: 3 workers Suffer Severe Burns at Chemical Plant manage risk risk management What is risk management Why You Should Invest in Energy Training Courses? Academic , Biofuel , energy , Events , green , Seminar , technology , training 0 Sometimes specialized training courses can be very costly. Even going to industry workshops and seminars can have a huge price tag. This has caused many companies to limit training to keep cost down. While taking training classes can be an expensive proposition, the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) has a great deal for you. Not only do they offer free useful tools, but also cheap training and the ability to be a qualified specialist in many different energy areas. Through the Office of Industrial Technology , the DOE has been offering Internet, local and national training on a set of practical evaluation tools that can be used to create an energy efficiency program. Energy systems include steam, process heating, compressed air, motors, pumps, and fans — systems that are used throughout industry. Training can range from Internet introductory courses to one- to three-day courses. Continue reading the article here . Image credited to solartrainingprograms.com/what-is-the-need-for-solar-energy-training-programs.html Recommended Reading Chemical Engineering Jobs Chemical Engineering Associations What is risk management? New Jersey: 3 workers Suffer Severe Burns at Chemical Plant energy course energy training training energy Previous Entries FREE Choosing Alternative Fuel Ebook First Name: Email Address: Recommended Sites L-Lysine Hcl Sodium cyanide manufacturers Textile Auxiliaries Cement manufacturing plants Recent Posts What is risk management? Why You Should Invest in Energy Training Courses? New Jersey: 3 workers Suffer Severe Burns at Chemical Plant Norbar Pneutorque Multipliers Pistol Grip Range High Pressure Steam Cleaning Archives February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 August 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 October 2011 July 2011 June 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 February 2009 January 2009 November 2008 October 2008 Categories Academic Biofuel Book Companies Conference consultancy eBooks energy Environmental Equipment Events General green IChemE IEM ISO standards Jobs Journals News niosh People Products Project Management Research Safety Health Seminar Software Subjects technology training Uncategorized university Video Webminar White Paper Chemical Engineering Net 2.0 Pages Home About Association Contact Directory Jobs Privacy Policy Stay In Touch RSS Feed More Thanks for dropping by! Feel free to join the discussion by leaving comments, and stay updated by subscribing to the RSS feed . 
 Actualits Liens Site des anciens Accs intranet Contact Espace presse Des ingénieurs pour lindustrie Débouchés LÉthique Développement Durable Organigramme Ressources Réseaux Historique Localisation Visitez lENSCL Découvrez lENSCL Schéma des études Admission au Cycle Préparatoire Intégré Admission en 1ère année de Cycle Ingénieur Admission sur titre en Cycle Ingénieur Admission en Masters Admission en Mastère Spécialisé Admissions Calendrier Universitaire Schéma des études Le Cycle Préparatoire Intégré Le Cycle Ingénieur Masters Les Mastères Spécialisés Formation initiale La VAE Les Mastères Spécialisés Formations à la carte Formation continue Service des Relations Internationales /Contacts La dimension internationale de lENSCL Un riche réseau de partenariats La formation internationale des élèves-ingénieurs Venir étudier à lENSCL Accueil de chercheurs étrangers Espace international La vie associative Intégration Association au service des Entreprises Le Gala L’Association des diplômés de lENSCL Tournoi Inter-Chimie Lille ville étudiante Vie pratique Vie étudiante La recherche Les Laboratoires Equipement - Ressources Congrès Espace recherche Relations industrielles La recherche Taxe dapprentissage Formation Continue Stages ENSCL-ACTIVITES - services aux entreprises Marchés Publics Espace entreprise Cap 1er emploi Consulter les offres demploi ou de stage Déposer vos offres demploi ou de stage Emploi et stage Message from the Dean Welcome Club Training at ENSCL CHEMistry International STudies (CHEM.I.ST programme) Training system Academic Calendar 2013/2014 Course catalogue Research Placement offers Application Practical information Contacts Accueil du site Training at ENSCL The National Graduate School of Engineering Chemistry of Lille (cole Nationale Suprieure de Chimie de Lille, ENSCL) was founded in 1894 as the Chemistry Institute in the Lille Faculty of Science (Institut de Chimie de la Facult des Sciences de Lille). It is a public institution of higher learning supervised by the Ministry of National Education and Research and authorised to award the ENSCL MSc in Chemistryand Engineering Chemistry recognised by the French Engineering Accreditation Commission. ENSCL is a member of the Gay-Lussac Federation that groups 19 Chemistry and Chemical Engineering Schools. Like in every French Graduate School, the duration of the studies is 3 years, after 2 or 3 years of preparation (intensive undergraduate preparatory program in maths/physics and chemistry Training Download detailed brochure on the programmes ENSCL courses in the engineering curriculum aim at training engineers with a good understanding not only of chemistry and physical chemistry, but also chemical engineering and engineering sciences, so they are able to quickly adapt to different aspects of the engineering profession in a chemical, parachemical or metallurgical company. Students gradually learn about their future engineering profession through courses in economic sciences and management, conferences and plant visits. At the end of their study programme they complete a project, most often in an industrial setting. Course of studies clic for the full size During the first year The second year (semesters S7-S8) focuses on the applied aspects of chemistry: organic chemistry, polymer chemistry, solid-state chemistry, materials science, and chemical engineering. Practicals, some of which are genuine mini-projects, will allow you to familiarise yourself with a scientific approach and to take initiatives. For semester S8 , you will choose a field of study: Molecules or Materials. New! The aera of specializationpharmacochemistry, environment will no longer be proposed from next September 2012. It will be replaced by a new one Chemistry and sustainable process for industry It will focuss on three Chemistry and biomass, and its valorisation by catalysis, biotechnologies,... Clean processes(bioreactors, catalytic reactors, green plasturgy...) Environment (Industrial gaseous effluents , water and contaminated soils treatments and recycling/recoveryof waste Download the programme of the new aera of specialisation The third year (semesters S9-S10) offers you three areas of specialisation: Sustainable Chemistry and processes for next generation chemistry , Formulation Chemistry, Materials science/metallurgy It is possible to take your third year abroad (80 partnership universities) or take an option in another school in the FGL or take a double degree abroad (at one of the 8 partner institutions) or with the IFP School (Graduate School of the French Petroleum Institute). Chimie-Lille is also authorised to award two Specialised Masters in Drug Design. This programme is open to students who are graduate engineers or have completed a Baccalaureate + 5 years of university. The school offers Masters Degrees in the following specialities: Masters in Chemistry and Engineering Formulation as a joint degree with Universit Lille1 Masters in Catalysis and Processes as a joint degree with the Ecole Centrale in Lille, IFP School and Universit Lille1 Masters in Organic Chemistry as a joint degree with Universit Lille1 Masters in Advanced Materials as a joint degree with Universit Lille1 Masters in Engineering of the polymer systems as a joint degree with Universit Lille1 Masters in Chemistry, energy, environment as a joint degree with Universit Lille1 Admission and registration conditions Applicants to the cole Nationale Suprieure de Chimie de Lille must have completed at least two years of full-time studies after obtaining the baccalaureate Other students are selected based on having obtained a University Degree in Chemistry Integrated Preparatory Course students from the Gay-Lussac Federation (CPI-Lille, CPI Clermont and CPI-Rennes) are selected based on the results of their continuous reviews. Students with a degree obtained in France or abroad after four years of successful university with a major in Chemistry can be admitted directly into the second year based on an examination of their academic records. Exchange foreign students may take courses in one year of the programme, create a programme comprised of modules chosen among the courses offered in several years or do a placement in a laboratory or in industry. Top Page International Language instruction constitutes one of Chimie-Lilles strengths: English and German/ or spanish are mandatory, Japanese is optional and several other languages are possible as part of agreements with other teaching institutions. A third year abroad is encouraged. In this respect, Chimie-Lille has established many relations with institutions in the European Union ( LEONARDO programmes ) and the rest of the world . The participation of foreign students in the programme is also highly encouraged. ( international students ) Sport The School and the University of Science and Technology encourage their students to practise sports, without forgetting to promote competition. Sport is obligatory in the first year of the engineering programme. To this end, they offer through a major Physical and Sporting Activities University Service the means to participate in several physical activities (soccer, rugby, basketball, volleyball, handball, field hockey, track and field, cross-country, tennis, etc.). The Sports Office (BDS) is another tool that students can use to promote the practise of sports at all levels. Associations Student Office (BDE) The purpose of the association is to represent its members, improve students working conditions, organise leisure activities for its members and an annual prestigious dinner, participate in student events and establish close ties with the School, students and former students (getting each student sponsored by a former student). ENSCL Activities Association This association was created in 1983 and is governed legally by the 1st of July 1901 french law as a non-profit association. It is managed by students that make their skills and the Schools state-of-art equipment available to companies. Top Page Annuaire Contact Plan du site Mentions lgales Crdits 
 A Department of Energy Office of Science Collaborative Research Facility crf@sandia.gov CRF Blog Combustion Chemistry Flame Chemistry Theory and Modeling Combustion Kinetics High Pressure Chemistry Chemistry of Autoignition Particulate Formation Chemical Dynamics Scattering Dynamics Photodissociation Dynamics Roaming Molecule Dynamics Diagnostics Particle Diagnostics Gas-Phase Diagnostics Long-Path Absorption Time-Resolved FTIR Laser-Induced Fluorescence Nonlinear Laser Spectroscopy Photoionization Mass Spectroscopy Greenhouse Gas Source Attribution Engine Combustion Heavy-Duty Heavy-Duty Low-Temperature and Diesel Combustion HCCI/SCCI Engine Fundamentals Spray Combustion Automotive Low-Temperature Diesel Combustion DISI Combustion Automotive HCCI Engine HCCI/SCCI Engine Fundamentals Spray Combustion Fuels Heavy-Duty Fuels DISI Combustion HCCI/SCCI Fundamentals Spray Combustion Modeling Large Eddy Simulation (LES) of Engines Exhaust Aftertreatment Reacting Flow Experiments Turbulent Combustion Research Advanced Imaging Modeling Direct Numerical Simulation Large Eddy Simulation (LES) Modeling Simulation Videos Applied Math and Software Computations Stochastic Software Uncertainty Quantification Clean Fuels/Power Solid Fuels Conversion Pressurized Combustion and Gasification Particle Ignition and Char Combustion Particulate and Gaseous Emissions Large-Scale Computational Fluid Dynamics Applied Turbulent Combustion Materials Chemistry Electro-Chemical Processes High-Temperature Materials Materials for Energy Storage Hydrogen REACH I2CNER Safety, Codes, and Standards Hydrogen Behavior: Unintended Releases Engineering Demonstrations Hydrogen Storage Engineering Market Transformation Materials Science Hydrogen Compatible Materials Working with the CRF CRF Access/Driving Directions CRF Staff Visiting Researcher Industrial Partnerships CRF Newsletter Stay in Touch CRF History CRF News Uncertainty Quantification in Chemical Systems with Reaction Mechanisms Employing Rate Rules Sandia hosts visitors from Japanese automotive industry New Methods Allow Prediction of Pressure Dependence in Chemical Reactions CRF News Archive Magnus Sjöberg receives SAE Oral Presentation Award Sandia/AIST Meeting Highlights Energy Research Collaboration between U.S. and Japan Novel Spectroscopic Method Reveals Intermediates over a Broad Spectrum CRF Summer Visiting Faculty Opportunities – Apply by January 10, 2014 CRF Summer Undergraduate Internship Opportunities – Apply by January 10, 2014 Popular CRF News CRF Researchers Awarded the David A. Shirley Award for Outstanding Scientific Achievement on November 29, 2012 with Comments Off Chemical Kinetic Rate Coefficient Estimation Given Partial Information on May 13, 2013 with Comments Off Hope Michelsen’s induction into Alameda County Women’s Hall of Fame noted in EOS, Transactions on May 14, 2013 with Comments Off CRF Topics About Us (14) About Us (6) Advanced Light Source (5) August 2011 (7) award (6) Awards (9) Awards (5) Bioderived Fuels (3) Blog (116) Blog (43) Clean Fuels (9) Clean Fuels/Power (16) Clean Power (8) Combustion (24) Combustion Chemistry (26) Combustion Chemistry (20) CRF (20) Diagnostics (13) Diagnostics (8) Diesel (7) DOE (6) energy (9) Engine Combustion (14) Engine Combustion (18) Engine Research (4) Engines (4) exascale (6) Hydrogen (17) Hydrogen (22) Jackie Chen (5) Lyle Pickett (7) Materials For Energy (4) Materials for Energy (6) May 2011 (5) Archives January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 January 2012 December 2011 August 2011 May 2011 April 2011 Contact Us Email crf@sandia.gov Address 7011 East Avenue CRF Access/Driving Directions Contact Us Facebook Twitter rss Switch to our mobile site 
 Advanced Search Options Chemical Industry Sectors Distributors Custom Manufacturing Agrochemicals Coatings Specialty Organic Polymers Additives Petrochemicals Water ... Pharma Biotech Industry Animal health Bioreagents Nutraceuticals Bulk Drugs Medical Devices Pharmaceuticals Peptides, Proteins, Enzymes ... Scientific Equipment Lab Supplies Research Chemicals Lab Process Equipment Chromatography Consumable Lab Automation Microscopy Particle Size Physical Measuring Spectroscopy LIMS ... Resources Portals Patents Databases News Journals Organizations Academic Institutes ... Industrial Equipment Distributors Used Processing Electrical Instrumentation Control Analyzers Agitators Material Handling Packaging Pumps Valves Centrifuges Filters Tanks Heat Exchangers Mixers & Blenders ... Services & Software Engineering Consultants Compliance Testing Training Jobs Bioinformatics LIMS, ELN ERP Modeling MSDS, Compliance ... Featured Partners ChemIndustry Newsletter of Useful Sources Newsletter Archive Free Subscription Suggest a Site About Us Contact Us Advertise ChemWord/Keyword Advertising Account Management Newsletter Add ChemIndustry to your site Chinese English 1999-2013 ChemIndustry.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved 
 Education Chemistry Search Chem 101 Science Projects Science Fair Chemical Engineering Check here for great articles and websites concerning the ins and outs of Chemical Engineering. Topics include process modeling, heat & mass transfer, design, membrane separation, thermodynamics, fuel cells, fluid dynamics, and many more! CAD Software (9) Chemical Engineering Edu... Engineering Fundamentals (26) Engineering Glossary (847) Metals & Alloys Process Simulation Software (5) Thermodynamics & Physica... What Is Chemical Engineering? What Do Chemical Engineers Do? Are you confused about how chemical engineering differs from pure chemistry or other types of engineering? Here's an explanation of what chemical engineering is and what chemical engineers do. Chemical Engineer This is a job profile and career information for a chemical engineer. Why Study Engineering? Engineering is one of the most popular and potentially profitable college majors. If you're looking for reasons to study it, here you go! Chemical Engineering Salary Chemical engineering is one of the highest paying degrees for entry level jobs, with even higher payscales for experienced chemical engineers. Here's a look at typical salary ranges for chemical engineers. Working as a Chemical Engineer Are you a chemical engineer? What would you tell someone interested in becoming a chemical engineer about your job? What Is the Difference Between a Scientist and an Engineer? Scientist versus engineer: are they the same? Different? Here's a look at the definitions of scientist and engineer and the difference between a scientist and engineer. Engineering Glossary Look up engineering definitions and acronyms with this engineering glossary and dictionary. Chemical Engineering Jobs Are you interested in what types of jobs you could get with a degree in chemical engineering? Here are some employment options you could get with a bachelors or masters college degree in chemical engineering. Chemical Engineering Courses Are you interested in studying chemical engineering? Here's a look at some of the courses chemical engineering students are expected to take in college. Calorimetry and Heat Flow There's a worked example for coffee cup calorimetry and another for bomb calorimetry, with links to review calorimetry and thermochemistry concepts. Laws of Thermochemistry Certain rules or laws apply to thermochemical equations and enthalpy. These are explanations and examples of these laws, including Hess's Law. Spiders in Space Columbia's STS-107 carried Australia's first animals into space. Learn about the Columbia spider experiment and the Skylab 3 experiment and visit links to ground-based research and space exploration. What Is Distillation? Distillation is a common chemistry process used to separate materials by changing their states of matter. Learn more about how the process works and find out about different types of distillations. What Is Reverse Osmosis? This handy technique is used to desalinate seawater and purify bottled water. Find out how it works! Why Is Stainless Steel Stainless? Learn about the chemistry of stainless steel. This article, from your About Guide, also includes descriptions of the different types of stainless steels, comments on passivation, and numerous links to sites offering related information. Biodiesel from Vegetable Oil Tutorial As the price of diesel continues to climb, you may wish to consider making your own diesel from cooking oil, called biodiesel. It's easy and could save you money. Materials Science Fair Projects Materials science involves physical science and engineering. Science fair projects can invent new materials, improve existing materials, test the properties of materials, or compare the suitability of different materials for a specific purpose. Here's a look at some science fair project ideas in this field of research. Endothermic and Exothermic Reactions Learn about endothermic and exothermic chemical reactions and get instructions to perform your own hot and cold chemistry demonstrations. A Detailed Look at Hydrogen From Christopher Haslego, facts, conventional production methods, and production methods from renewable resources. Adsorption Refrigeration Technology Page by Michel Pons about the principle of adsorption cycles for refrigeration. Adsorption An introduction: adsorbents, applications, types of adsorption isotherms, batch adsorption, design of adsorption columns. An Introduction to Pinch Technology Introductory article written by employees of AspenTech about process heat integration and Linnhoff's pinch technology. Basics of Injection Molding Article by Christopher Haslego, description of the process, drawing and photo of an injection molding machine. Basics of Phase Equilibria An introduction to phase equilibria and their role in chemical engineering from the Chemical Engineers' Resource Page. Biomaterials: Body Parts of the Future By Cheryl R. Blanchard, article from Technology Today on biomaterials for implants. Long with many pictures. Centrifugal Pump Tutorial From Pump World, terms, operation, pump curves, calculation of total dynamic head and system head curves, NPSH and cavitation, operation in parallel and in series, and charts. Comparison of PID Control Algorithms From ExperTune, about differences in PID control algorithms and controllers. Cooling Towers: Design and Operation Considerations From Christopher M. A. Haslego, article about main types, theory, design and operation of cooling towers. Copper Corrosion Resistance Database From the Copper Page, database of corrosion resistances of copper and copper alloys. Searchable by alloy, resistance level, and environment. Database of Zeolite Structures From the Structure Commission of the International Zeolite Association, provides structural information on all zeolite structure types. Diffusion Processes From Michael Karweit's Virtual Laboratory at Johns Hopkins University, explore two-dimensional diffusion phenomena by configuring and running the Diffusion Simulator (Java applet). Distillation From The Distillation Group, an overview of distillation processes. Don't Gamble With Physical Properties For Simulation Article by Eric Carlson that discusses criteria you can use to choose thermodynamic models for phase equilibria calculations. Adobe PDF file (233 kB). Duct Friction Loss and Velocity Pressure Calculation Online calculator for compressible fluid pressure drops in rectangular or cylindrical ducts. Energy Conservation in Distillation From the Chemical Engineers' Resource Page, examples for energy savings in distillation processes. Feedback and Temperature Control Feedback control demonstrated at the example of an oven controlled by a PID temperature controller. Includes an interactive simulation of the oven-controller system to experiment with. Flowsheeting on the World Wide Web Report about a system that provides "flowsheeting", i.e. mass and energy balance computation, across the WWW. A VRML viewer (e.g. Live3D integrated in Netscape Navigator) is required to see the generated flowsheet. Galvanic Series of Metals and Alloys From the Mc Nally Institute, a list from anodic or least noble to cathodic or most noble. Gas-Vapor Phase Equilibrium Calculations A mini-tutorial by W. R. Smith that discusses the calculation of dew-point temperatures and pressures in gas-vapor systems. Glossary of Energy Terms From the California Energy Commission, an alphabetical listing of terms related to energy in its various forms. Guided Tour to Granular Dynamics From Y.-h. Taguchi, mixing, flow, vibration, fluidization for beginners. Heat Conduction From Michael Karweit's Virtual Laboratory at Johns Hopkins University, Deduce the cross-sectional profile of a heated conductive bar based on its temperature (Java applet). How Batteries Work Introduction to battery chemistry and construction on a basic level. One of the many articles from the How Stuff Works series by Marshall Brain that explains technical topics. How to Organize Your Thesis A note by Prof. John W. Chinneck about graduate research and how to write Master's and Doctoral theses. Contains also a generic thesis skeleton. How We Lose Heat to the Environment Hypothermia and the modes of heat transfer from the human body to the environment, online or Adobe Acrobat (PDF) version. Impregnated Activated Carbon... ...for environmental protection. Paper by K.-D. Henning and S. Schfer, CarboTech-Aktivkohlen GmbH. In Depth Look at Extractive Distillation Article by Dominic Foo Chwan Yee at the Chemical Engineers' Resource Page. International Sieve Chart From Reade Advanced Materials, a table comparing various sieve standards (ASTM, JIS, BSI, AFNOR, DIN, Tyler, particle diameter, mesh). Introduction to Continuum Mechanics Book by Brian Kennett in PostScript format. Covers the concepts of deformation and stress field, constitutive relations for various materials including fluids, and the Navier-Stokes equation. Langmuir Equation Derivation of the Langmuir equation and graphical illustration (Java applet). Lean Oil Absorption Processes Description of an absorption process in which natural gas liquids (NGLs) are removed from natural gas by contacting with a liquid hydrocarbon solvent (oil). Liquid Membranes Term project by Chris Patillo at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute about the liquid membranes. Making Decisions with Insulation From Christopher M. A. Haslego, about insulation of pipes and other equipment: theory, economics, safety, and process conditions. McCabe-Thiele Method Online calculator for the number of theoretical plates in a distillation column using the McCabe-Thiele method. On-Line Friction Piping Loss Calculation of pressure losses for flowing liquids in piping, fittings, and valves. On-Line Pump System Design Interactive (JavaScript) application for pump sizing and design, contains extensive "Pump Terminology" and "Technical Data" screens. Osmosis, Reverse Osmosis, and Osmotic Pressure... ...what they are; a brief introduction by Uri Lachish. Plastics From San Diego Plastics, Inc., an introductory text covering the history, properties, processing, and selection of plastics. Rheology Nomenclature Dealy, J. M., "Official nomenclature for material functions describing the response of a viscoelastic fluid to various shearing and extensional deformations," J. Rheol. , 39(1), 1995, Acrobat (PDF) format. Signals, Systems, Control Demonstrations developed by students at Johns Hopkins University, mostly with Java applets. Solid-Liquid Separation Review of equipment for solid-liquid separation such as vacuum and pressure filters, filtering and sedimenting centrifuges, thickeners, and clarifiers. Statistical Process Control: Process and Quality Views Excellent article by Christopher Haslego about the basics of SPC for monitoring chemical and other processes. Steady Under Pressure Paper by Andrew W. Sloley, The Distillation Group, Inc., about distillation pressure control. The Ideal Flow Machine Java applet to experiment with and visualize elementary two-dimensional ideal flows. Sources, sinks, vortexes etc. can be placed and the streamlines are plotted. Tower Sizing and Pricing From Christopher M. A. Haslego, Excel spreadsheet for preliminay sizing and cost estimation of distillation columns with internal trays. Transport Effects in Microreactors Four lessons about microreactors done by students as a project in a chemical engineering course. Unbounding the Future: the Nanotech Revolution What molecular nanotechnology will mean in practical terms. Web version of the book by K. Eric Drexler, Chris Peterson, and Gayle Pergamit. Units for Particulate Measurement From Reade Advanced Materials, definitions of important quantities and units. Why Apply a Coating -- Corrosion? Online article by Mario S Pennisi on the finishing.com site, the requirements for corrosion to proceed, types of corrosion and techniques to restrict corrosion. Free Chemistry Newsletter! Sign Up Discuss in my forum Explore Chemistry Must Reads Periodic Table of the Elements Chemistry Glossary Worked Chemistry Problems 6 Steps of Scientific Method Printable Worksheets Most Popular What Are Olympic Medals Made Of? Science Quiz - Test Your General Science... Can You Substitute Baking Soda for Baking Powder? How to Use a Periodic Table So ... Are the Olympic Gold Medals Real Gold? Free Chemistry Newsletter! Sign Up By Category General Chemistry Tests and Quizzes Demos / Experiments Grow Crystals Chemistry for Kids Periodic Table - Elements Homework Help Molecules and Compounds Everyday Chemistry Toxic Chemicals/Safety Chemistry Lab Science Fair Projects Careers and Education Chemistry Facts Chemistry Disciplines Chemistry About.com Education Chemistry Chemistry Disciplines Chemical Engineering Advertise on About.com Our Story News SiteMap All Topics Reprints Help Write for About Careers at About User Agreement Ethics Policy Patent Info. Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices and Cookie Policy 2014 About.com. All rights reserved. 
 A message May I draw your attention to UK and Ireland Worldwide The Students Chemical Company EEVL Education Resources Engineering Institutions and resources Chemical Engineering: main nodes and sources Chemicals: properties, hazards and commercial information Lessons On-line Some Journals On-line Materials of Construction Cost of Chemicals, Utilities and Materials of Construction Jobs and Research Studentships Safety related links HAZOPS Why Not Chem Eng? a very good resource on environmental matters Books for chemical engineering courses Sustainable Development Films M.J.Pitt@sheffield.ac.uk Return to: 
 This page uses frames, but your browser doesn't support them. 
 check mail ABOUT TIP PROGRAMS ADMISSIONS FACILITIES LIBRARY CAREERS ARIS The Technological Institute of the Philippines (TIP) is comprised of two schools - TIP Manila and TIP Quezon City. TIP Manila has two campuses, TIP Arlegui and TIP P. Casal, while TIP Quezon City is housed in one campus. Both schools are headed by one President, Dr. Elizabeth Quirino-Lahoz, an academics and management committee and an executive management committee, but maintain two separate academic identities. In December 2009, the Philippine Commission on Higher Education (CHED) awarded TIP Quezon City the Autonomous Status, the highest possible award for a higher education institution, in recognition of TIPQCs exemplary performance shown in the provision of quality higher education, research and extension work. In the same year, TIP Manila was also granted by CHED a Deregulated Status after it has satisfied the qualifications set by the commission. TIP Quezon City Engineering and Architecture Information Technology Education Marine Engineering Business Education Teacher Education Arts Graduate Programs TIP Manila Engineering and Architecture Maritime Education Information Technology Education Business Education Arts Graduate Program President's Corner Read More Download ICOBTL 2012 Papers International Conference on Outcomes-Based Teaching and Learning (ICOBTL) 2012 Read More Featured News TIP Students Swing into High Gear for Shell Eco-marathon Asia 2014 TIP Launches New Vision and Mission News Archives School Calendar Read More [ Website Hits: 19144901] 
