 Executives Managers Non-Supervisors Trainers About Contact Newsletter Growing Leaders for the Public Service Home Toolkit Public Leadership Toolkit Find Out: How Leaders Learn to Lead Make: A Leadership Development Plan Cultivate: Self-Awareness Personal Effectiveness Learn To: Delegate Give Feedback Manage Meetings Hire (and Fire) Topics Articles & Books on Public Leadership Read About: Leading in Government Leadership Rules Motivation Followership Innovation Leading Change Crisis Leadership Stories Leadership Stories Read: Success Stories Biographies Novels Watch: Movies with Leadership Insights Learn to: Tell Stories as a Leader Training Leadership Training Find: Executive Development Programs Online Programs Leadership Programs for: U.S. Federal Government Agencies U.S. State Governments Australia, Canada, and the United Kingdom Quotes Leadership Quotes Quotes by: Gen. Bill Creech Ben Franklin Gandhi Abraham Lincoln Nelson Mandela Colin Powell Teddy Roosevelt Quotes About: Definitions of Leadership Developing People Initiative/Self-Empowerment Persistence Public Service Taking Risks All Quotes Blog We want to help you become one. For Free. Commit to becoming the most effective leader you can be by signing The Public Leadership Manifesto . Woodrow Wilson More Quotes "Leadership is all about people. It is not about organizations. It is not about plans. It is not about strategies. It is all about people--motivating people to get the job done. You have to be people-centered." -- Colin Powell More Quotes "Think big about what you can achieve; think small about how to achieve it. That's because you get things done through individuals and small groups of individuals." -- Gen. Bill Creech More Quotes "Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power." -- Abraham Lincoln More Quotes "Man becomes great exactly in the degree in which he works for the welfare of his fellow men." -- Mahatma Gandhi More Quotes Readings High-quality articles and book recommendations on public sector leadership, followership, motivation, innovation, and crisis leadership. Leadership Toolkit Use our template to prepare a personal leadership development plan. Or find other tools to enhance your leadership effectiveness. The Performance Institute Transferring Knowledge To Transform Government Navigation About Email Alerts Contact About Us About The Performance Institute Contact Methodology Our Mission Careers Press Partners Research Research Overview Research Reports Training Videos White Papers Policy Forums Events Training and Events Overview Events by Date Services Services Overview Corporate Sponsorship Consulting Customized Training Event Management Certification Training We offer more than 120 open enrollment courses annually and can bring any course on-site. Intensive, methodology-based courses include step-by-step processes to improve organizational management capacity. Certification Government managers are now required to receive formal certification. Certification programs are customized to meet the demands of numerous functions in government, while maintaining fundamental performance management skills. Forums As a thought leader in government management reform, we host quarterly policy forums to provide decision makers and government managers ideas on the latest reforms, mandates and best management practices. Research Through extensive surveys and focus groups, we create and maintain a measures database for apples-to-apples comparisons of government program results. Conferences We offer more than 150 national conferences each year, bringing together experts from across the country to share best practices from their cities, counties, states, federal departments and agencies. Consulting We are geared specifically to provide access to comprehensive and experience-tested methodologies for government to achieve positive transformations within your programs and workforce. Featured Event Registration is now open for Government Performance Summit 2014 , which will be held in Washington, DC May 6-7. Click here to learn more about the event. Challenges Found in Local Government Can Be Conquered th 2013, The Performance Institute was proud to be the only think tank invited to participate in the annual Mid-Atlantic Performance Management Consortium meeting, a roundtable and       Telling our story, before someone else tells it for us. Featured Report Training Catalog 2014 Upcoming Events Data Driven Performance Review Performance Analysis Developing Using Performance Measures PMP Prep Government Performance Management Week Sitemap Contact Methodology Our Mission Partners Press Careers   Events White Papers Research Reports Policy Forums   Consulting Corporate Sponsorships Customized Training Certification Search our Site 901 New York Avenue Washington, DC 20001 ©2013 The Performance Institute. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions of Use | Privacy Policy Home About Perfume Fragrances Pheromone Perfumes & Colognes Perfume Save up to 90% on the top selling designer perfume and cologne brands. Dolce & Gabbana, Gucci Perfumes, Calvin Klein, Burberry Fragrances, Vera Wang, Marc Jacobs Perfume and all of the other designer perfumes you love. Recent Comments Random Popular inpuma Jessie Just if anyone is wondering this is the ... Jerry Hi, I am have clarification regarding th... glaucio Greg G Bought the top three John Varvatos, Hann... Top 5 Best Selling Men's Cologne (3) Pheromax for men 1ml Sample (2) Women's Top 5 Perfumes (1) Perfume Fragrances (1) Androstenone Pheromone Concentrate for men (1) No Comments When you are a business owner there is nothing more disheartening than finding out you have merchandise missing .  Whether it is a carelessness customer to returning an item to its original display or through outright theft, the inconvenience and cost of missing merchandise is an expense that no business owner wants the burden of in these hard economic times.  Regardless of what people may think who are not informed about how a business runs, when merchandise is missing through theft it has to be paid for somehow. Business owners cannot afford to pay for theft out of their own pocket.  That means in order to make up those losses, business must increase prices on future items.  Granted, some unscrupulous businesses will use this as an excuse to increase their prices.  But for most small businesses, it is either increase pricing or suffer the financial burden of theft. Businesses Become Proactive Accepting the fact that theft is going to be a part of most businesses, some owners are taking a stand by reducing the ability of would be thieves to abscond with the merchandise.  Many retailers have anti-theft tags on and in the merchandise packaging, so that if an item is removed without paying for it an alarm will sound.  For some thieves this alarm is just like a gun shot at an Olympic track event—it signals when they should start running.  For others the alarm signals when they should start talking and making excuses as to why an item is shoved halfway down their pants and how it “accidentally got there”. New And Improved Displays   For small expensive items such as jewelry, cologne and perfume alternative displays have been created.  These items are too valuable to allow everyone the ability to pick them up and examine them at will without supervision.  As busy as some stores get it is impossible to monitor what goes on with every customer in every area of the store.  Especially if the business is not in the financial position to hire on additional help. New and better display cases can be made for such items.  These displays not only have locks, but by adding a secure tamper proof door thieves would be forced to spend more time than is required.  Tamper proof screws also require a special tamper proof screwdriver, which is different than the flat head or Phillips head screwdriver. So unless thieves are willing to carry around a toolbox with “the right tool for the job”, securing your valuable merchandise into display cases will not only protect you but also your customers from rising costs. Read More No Comments Ah, that all important first date .  Your hair has to be just right, your shoes have to be decided upon – will you wear heels or flats… Or maybe sandals?  What bag should do coordinate with your outfit?  What kind of earrings, rings, bracelets, necklaces and should you wear a watch?  Picking the right dress and the right perfume, at least in your mind, is a crucial decision. Maybe You Should Worry About What Not To Wear Sometimes it’s not what we should do but what we shouldn’t do that matters most.  That and the list of things that we should do could get to be excruciatingly long.  Lets check with some of the more knowledgeable powers that be in the fashion industry to see what they say.  According to experts the following should not be worn by women on a first date:  unless you’re going goth this evening you might want to include at least a splash of color  you may be going casual but don’t mistake casual for sloppy – dress nicely – look good  consider the situation – you want to dress appropriately so that you don’t make your date feel uncomfortable… hopefully they have dressed appropriately as well  leave a little to the imagination please ladies – save the low-cut stuff for after you get to know each other a little better… never, ever forget that less is more – as in less skin showing!  and don’t be so eager to run off and buy something that you’ve never tried before – stick with something you know that you will be comfortable in and that works for you Who Is Hanging In Your Closet? No this is not hinting at the assumption that you are a serial killer, this is in reference to which designers you prefer… If any. The spring fashions for 2013 were a breath of fresh air for many women thanks to a designer named Suzi Chin.  The following are direct quotes from women who have purchased and enjoyed Suzi Chin dresses : “Awesome dresses that flatter everyone!”, “Very unique dresses; I bought one and found the fabric not only colorful but beautiful in color it moves with you”, “ fantastic dress collection”, “The most stylish trends at an affordable price point a real fashion find!” and “Dresses with a twist on the conservative and great construction.” Knowing full well that the first date can lead to a second date which can lead to even more, it is imperative in most of our minds that we make the best impression possible .  Dressing to impress is a good idea but don’t count on what you wear to speak for you.  Be yourself – because no dress, perfume or makeup in the world can make a silk purse out of a sow’s ear… As it were. Read More No Comments A new business in the perfume industry is tough to get off the ground.  There are plenty of perfumers out there that each have a scent they are proud of and that they expect to make them rich.  Some of these professionals have been in the business for years and have the perfume game down to a science , so many people new to the business may not even want to go up against these juggernauts.  For those that are a bit more daring, truly believe in their perfume, and have the money to truly promote their product, however, it may just take the right marketing strategy to get your business off the ground. Getting Your Name Out There One of the biggest obstacles that new business owners of any sort face is just getting their name out there.  Big name companies have already made their mark on the market and finding a way to carve out your own little piece of the marketplace isn’t something that will happen overnight.  Rather, it will take quite a bit of patience before you really see your business growing the way that you would like it to and unless you have a history in public relations, you will want to consult the best PR firms that you can afford to put together a marketing strategy that will be successful in spreading the word about your company. Marketing Strategy The best products in the world will fail if no one ever knows about them .  Your perfume may be the best in the business and could blow Calvin Klein out of the water but if no one ever knows about it or tries it, does it matter?  The fact is that unless your marketing strategy is strong and maybe even a bit aggressive, you will never make your mark and no one will ever know what a great scent you were offering.  A great PR firm can not only devise an appropriate strategy, they can also make sure to start building customer confidence so that from day one, you are building a client base.  Devising this strategy is tougher than it sounds and you will have to pay for the service that you receive but if that is what it takes to make you famous, why not give it a shot? The perfume business is not an easy one to crack.  If you are a perfumer, it is tough to get new people to try your scents.  You must first establish your place in the market and begin building customer confidence before you can even consider mass production.  However, if your product is strong enough, there is no reason for you to not give it a go! Read More No Comments Have you ever sat down in a chair just to smell the evidence that someone may have been a victim of a random perfume bomb that was detonated in their general vicinity?  Whether it was actually a perfume bomb or if it was simply someone who was never trained in the art of subtle enhancement by a favorite fragrance, you may never know.  However, what you do know is that the furniture you are sitting in has decided to sympathize with the wearer of that perfume by absorbing much of that fragrance in solidarity.  Alright, chances are that your furniture probably hasn’t decided to take sides in the fragrance war but is simply a casualty who is waiting to be cleansed.  If you have the right outdoor furniture, this can be an easy fix. Enjoying the Setting After a long day at work, sometimes all you want to do is sit down with a cold drink and decompress from your stressful day.  Creating a nice little sanctuary in your backyard by getting a new patio table and chairs is a great way to give you a place to unwind.  Even if you do not have a spacious backyard that boasts the tropical plants found in vacation spots like Hawaii, there is no reason that your backyard can’t feel like a vacation spot.  No one likes having their vacation intruded upon and when someone has decided to bathe in perfume, it is tough to relax while your sense of smell is brutally assaulted. Getting Rid of the Scents When you have someone over to enjoy a drink with you in your sanctuary, you generally expect them to respect the space.  Unfortunately, sometimes the company that you invite over decides to bring an extra guest – an offensive or strong perfume that seems to almost burn when you breathe it in.  Luckily, it is probably a rare occurrence and since it’s likely that you won’t be inviting the offending party back for drinks, it may never even happen again.  Getting the perfume out of your outdoor furniture is going to depend on what type of furniture you have.  If you have the ability to simply spray the area down with a hose, it should take care of the problem.  If you have furniture with cushions, it may take a good washing or even a dry cleaner to get the perfume out. No one likes their personal bubble invaded by an offensive smell.  Even if a perfume was nice to start with, too much can have about the same effect as mustard gas.  If the smell transfers to the outdoor furniture you love, make sure to wash it as soon and as well as possible. Read More No Comments It is interesting how the internet has truly given birth to a new wave of impulse buying .  Consumers are constantly hit with ads no matter what they are doing on the internet and all it takes to get us to click is showing us something that grabs our attention for a few seconds.  Unfortunately, this can be problematic for retailers, since the desire to make that impulsive purchase generally fades once we are no longer looking at an ad, and when it comes to random gifts for a loved one, such as perfume, if a customer’s question isn’t answered in a timely manner, you could lose the sale. Impulsive Consumers Consumers are easily distracted.  You could be watching your favorite YouTube video, when a pop up advertisement for dishwashing liquid suddenly reminds you just how badly you need dishwashing liquid.  When it comes to impulse buying for others, that attention span can be even shorter.  Perfume purchases are largely made as gifts and placing an ad where an online consumer is sure to see it is very likely to increase your online sales.  However, once you increase your customer volume , you also increase the time that it may take to get in touch with a customer with a question, which can lose you sales. Responding to Your Customers If your customers or potential customers have questions, they want an answer now.  Many retailers have taken to implementing a live chat system, so that consumers can discuss their concerns in a real time conversation.  However, if you do not have the staff to do this, it is essential that you respond to your customers’ emails as quickly as possible.  An email auto-responder can help you manage customer email concerns as they are received.  Even if it is simply an automated response letting your customer know you are working on their problem, a quick response can save a sale. Perfume is an item that people may see and think automatically of a loved one that would be happy to get such a gift.  If they have a question, however, they want an answer as quickly as possible or they may move onto a different retailer or skip the purchase altogether.  If you are an online perfume retailer, it is absolutely essential that you address each of your customers’ concerns as quickly as possible in order to make your mark in the cyber marketplace. Read More No Comments Visiting social networking websites and major designer brands is a great way to find different deals that may suite your individual interests.  There are always many different types of jewelry available for people that are interested in finding quality available at a reasonable price.  One of the best ways to save money on jewelry and accessories is to go online clothes shopping . And, when surfing your usual websites each day, take the time to notice the advertisements in the margins, they may just have the deal you have been looking for. Know Where to Look Going to second hand shops, like thrift stores or small independent kiosks at the mall, can also be very helpful for people that are looking to save money on jewelry, trinkets and other accessories.  Some people even resort to shopping at pawn stores, when they are out to save money.  Don’t knock it until you try it: depending on what region of the country you live in, this could be a very effective method for saving money on high quality items.  People that live in college towns or in metro areas with high standards of living are typically able to get a significant discount on different types of designer items. Shopping to Save on Jewelry Saving the shopping for different holidays is also effective, because that is the time of the year that most retailers save the best special sales for.  Its important to establish your budget, priorities and responsibilities, before making any final decisions about how to proceed.  It also helps to get creative and see how you can modify your current wardrobe or attire to make it cater more to your own particular taste or preferences.  The most important thing to do is to make sure that shopping for jewelry or accessories does not take you over budget unexpectedly. Making a list of the items you want to shop for beforehand can be a very effective approach for people that are trying to save money, when shopping for jewelry or other types of accessories.  It is equally as helpful to make calculate your weekly and monthly budget, before going shopping for these items as well.  Speaking with friends and family members may also be helpful for people that are looking for the best deals in the local area.  Finding someone in the local area that makes their own unique jewelry can also be an effective way to save money and stay original at the same time. Read More No Comments Women love to look and feel their best .  They take time – a lot of time – to do their hair and make up.  Shopping for clothesse is an event in and of itself, to find just the right outfit, for just the right occasion.  And, of course the shoes have to fit, with the out fit.  But, the entire image would not be complete, if the woman did not smell nice.  She could dress up and look like a million bucks, only to reek with the worst odor.  In the 1700’s, people would nearly douse their bodies with perfume, to cover up their body odor due to lack of regular bathing.  Today, most women are more conservative and subtle, when it comes to the use of perfume.  Now, their only concern is what scent will accentuate their image the most.  In most cases the better the scent, the greater the purchase price.  However, you do not need to always pay the high end price, in order to get a great deal on high end perfume.  And, just because you are wanting to buy a high end, expensive and made for your body chemistry only perfume you really dont need to take out an instant bad credit loan . Unless you are planning a trip to France to buy the perfume. Where to Look Looking for bargains , on high end perfumes is easy these days.  With the advent of the internet, not only is it easier to shop around, but also to find fantastic pricing, below the regular brick and mortar stores.  Since web stores do not have high overhead, they are able to reduce the cost of many products.  Internet auction sites like ebay also offer a lot of bargains.  Also, there are now many web coupon sites, where you can find discount coupons on just about everything. Traditional Stores So, if you do not want to go the route of the internet, there are still plenty of ways to save money at the brick and mortar stores.  The high end stores that carry the high end perfumes will also carry the high end pricing.  So instead, look into the outlet malls or discount stores that may carry the perfume you are looking for at a discounted price. It is also not so scary to look into the faux fragrances.  You know, those little shops that will perfume your hand lotion, with an almost-just-like your favorite name brand fragrance?  Many of these are tremendously lower than the name brand and are scented, just about the same.  Give them a try, you may be pleasantly surprised. Read More No Comments Any time you are getting ready to buy your first piece of jewelry, you need to make sure you take some time to learn all about the piece of jewelry you are thinking about purchasing.  Billions of people around the world are on a budget, therefore there is not a great deal of money to spend on jewelry. Chances are this is your situation, so you need to take some time to be sure that your purchase is a smart one. The only way that you are going to be able to figure out which piece of jewelry is in your best interest is to do research online so that you know exactly what you are purchasing. Cubic zirconia jewelry When you first start looking at cubic zirconia jewelry , you should take note at how wonderful all of this jewelry looks. You cannot even tell that the jewelry is not a real diamond, which is great because it has become a huge seller. Another thing that you will notice is the price tag is not near what a normal piece of diamond jewelry is going to cost. That can save you a great deal of money, and will not be able to tell the difference. Making your first purchase The cool thing about this took the jewelry is that because of the price you might be able to purchase more than one piece of jewelry. That is great because you will not only purchase one ring but you might be able to also purchase a necklace or a pair of earrings. Even the richest people are also walking around wearing cubic zirconia jewelry because it is a smart way for to save money, but you also look great because the jewelry looks the same as a real diamond does. Read More No Comments What makes us attractive to others? In a room full of strangers somehow people find differences that make them drawn to certain individuals. On the surface you may not notice a big difference in folks. But we all have been in a situation where we enter a room and within minutes we are drawn to someone. It might be their smile or the way they command the room. It might even be more basic like the way the smell. Yes, scent plays a factor in the science of attraction. In fact it may be the basis of it all. The Pheromone Factor We are drawn to each other on a chemical level. It really is all about the science of attraction. We secrete certain hormones, or pheromones that make us attractive to others. It sounds simple but it really is quite complex.  Perfumes, colognes and oils that we wear mix with our natural scent to either attract or repel others.  While we use other cues to initiate attraction , such as visual ones, scent plays an important factor too.  If it really is all about our basic unique body scent why do we spend so much time and money on things like working out, dressing sexy, or even go as far as to alter our body with things like male enhancement products? Well, the answer is probably because those things give us the confidence we need to feel attractive. There is a lot to be said for projecting a positive outer image when it comes to being attractive. The initial science of attraction might be about pheromones but we also need to feel special. That confidence affects our mood and also in turn plays a part in the types of pheromones we emit . Read More No Comments Words like, floral, citrus, fruity, woody and spicy all describe the notes, the ingredients of perfume.  Top notes, middle notes and base notes make up the whole fragrance , a combination of different ingredients.  When we wear perfume or buy it as a gift for someone the whole fragrance is what is pleasing to our sense of smell.  But buyer beware, the same scent may smell distinctly different on two different people.  Body chemistry and the way the notes of the perfume react are what cause the difference in how it smells on different people.  There is no way to tell what the fragrance results will be on different people, so it at all possible try out the perfume before buying it for someone.  One way of testing different fragrances is a trip to the local department store or perfume vendor.  Strolling through the isles and testing each fragrance will allow you and the person you’re intending to gift with perfume a chance to see what it smells like on their body.  This visit can be combined with a casual trip to the mall for some window shopping or browsing, they will be surprised later when you gift them with the perfume that worked out the best. Saving on Your Perfume Purchase Shopping at a discount perfume store can save you money on perfume purchases and also buying sample size bottles, which cost a lot less than regular retail size perfumes.  Savvy online shoppers take make sure that they don’t miss out any promo codes from Amazon on their perfume and other purchases.  Be sure to check out the deals and money savings opportunities, especially once you know what scent you are looking to purchase. Why Perfume? Everyone likes to smell nice and perfume is one way we enhance our appeal to others.  There are so many scents available that your choice is unlimited but remember the scent should be appropriate for the event it is being worn for, say for instance, work or night on the town or perhaps a romantic evening with someone special.  You might want to consider layering a favorite scent, layering is when you use the scent as your bath and body wash, apply the lotion after bathing or showering, and then apply the spray of the same scent lastly.  Layering will allow the scent to remain longer on your body and you will not loose the effects of the fragrance. Read More Page 1 of 965 1 2 3 4 5 ... 10 20 30 ... Last Archives July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 October 2009 August 2009 Categories Celebrity Fragrances Perfume Mens Cologne Pheromone Perfume Womens Perfume Perfume Brands Blogroll Behind The Counter Insignificant Crap Jean Today Kids n Toys Pajamazzon! Scare You Login Register Log in BloomSEO | Designed by CSTC | Paramount Web Host | DalaiLama Home Topics Acquisition Collaborating across boundaries Fostering transparency democracy Improving performance Innovation Leadership Managing finances and budgets Risk Strengthening Security Transforming the workforce Using technology New to government? Magazine Radio hour Reports Blogs The Business of Government Cut Costs and Improve Performance Making Health Care Reform Work Implementation of the Recovery Act About us Get started Help me find information about Optional Select a topic Acquisition Collaborating across boundaries Fostering transparency & democracy Improving performance Innovation Leadership Managing finances and budgets New to government? Risk Strengthening Security Transforming the workforce Using technology Show All content Report library Audio Video Blogs Articles Books A Guide to Critical Success Factors in Agile Delivery Managing Budgets During Fiscal Stress: Lessons for Local ... Realizing the Promise of Big Data On the radio show What is the information technology strategy of the U.S. Department of Commerce? How has Commerce changed the... Dr. Simon Szykman Chief Information Officer Department of Commerce You may need: Adobe Flash Player . Recent episodes WFED 1500 AM: Mondays at 11 am and Wednesdays at 12 pm Top 10 features What Can We Learn About Managing Through Tight Budgets? Weekly Round-up: February 21, 2014 Promising Practices for Interagency Collaboration Managing Budgets During Fiscal Stress: Lessons for Local Government Officials Trust Me, I (Only) Work Here! Using the C-Suite to Manage your Risky Business Dr. Simon Szykman Weekly Round-up: February 14, 2014 Conversations with Authors Series with Professors Lael Keiser and Susan Miller Netflixs Five Tenets of HR The Business of Government Sequestration Resource Center This Resource includes links to official government sources and relevant Center reports that describe the sequestration and related guidance. These resources will be helpful to agencies in coping and managing with funding reductions. Learn more.... Blogs Twitter Insights Six Trends Driving Change in Government We looked across our interactions with government leaders and stakeholders, as well as the thinking of our authors, to identify a set of trends that will drive change in government . Join the conversation . The Business of Government Blog What Can We Learn About Managing Through Tight Budgets? Today, the IBM Center for The Business of Government released in insightful report on how California’s... Read more Weekly Round-up: February 21, 2014 Articles from across the Web that we found interesting, the week of February 17, 2014 Read more Conversation with Leaders Anthony Fauci Director National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) Read bio Casey Coleman Chief Information Officer U.S. General Services Administration Read bio Dr. Robert D. Childs Chancellor, Information Resources Management (iCollege) National Defense University Read bio Paul S. Bartley Deputy Assistant Secretary for Program Support Department of Health and Human Services Read bio Nani Coloretti Assistant Secretary of The Treasury for Management Department of the Treasury Read bio Dave Bowen Chief Information Officer Defense Health Agency Read bio Subscribe Subscribe to the IBM Center e-Newsletter Read our previous e-Newsletters Follow us on your favorite social media sites. Twitter Facebook LinkedIn YouTube GovLoop Contact Us | Follow Us | e-Newsletter | Privacy Policy Viidakko.fi Viidakko.fi Postiviidakko.fi ViidakkoStore.fi Sivuviidakko.fi Tilaa uutiskirje Ota yhteyttä Mainostoimistoille Suomeksi Suomeksi In English по-русски Sivut Etusivu + + + + + + Tilaa uutiskirje Mainostoimistoille Innoctus on nyt osa Koodiviidakko Oy:tä Innoctus Innoctus on nyt osa Koodiviidakko Oy:t. Innoctus Oy:n liiketoiminta on siirtynyt 1.6.2013 alkaen osaksi oululaisen digitaalisen markkinoinnin ja viestinnn ohjelmistoja tuottavan Koodiviidakko Oy:n toimintaa. Innoctuksen koko henkilkunta on siirtynyt Koodiviidakolle. Koodiviidakolla on entuudestaan 65 ty kolmella eri paikkakunnalla. Yhtin kotipaikka on Oulu. Koodiviidakko Oy on vuonna 2005 perustettu digitaalisen viestintn erikoistunut ohjelmistoyritys, joka on avainhenkil kokonaan omistama. Panostamme vahvasti omaan tuotekehitykseen ja hyvn asiakaspalveluun. Yrityksen pilvipalvelupohjaisia tuotteita ovat Sivuviidakko , joka on suunniteltu modernien verkkosivujen tuotantoon ja yllpitoon sek Postiviidakko kalu . Kolmas keskeinen tuote on ViidakkoStore verkkokauppa-alusta , johon markkinointitykalut on liitetty. Koodiviidakon tuotteisiin luottaa yli tuhat yrityst ja useat valtionhallinnon organisaatiot sek yli 20 p Suomessa. T hetkell Viidakon tuotteita kn 29:ss eri maassa, useilla eri kielill. Ota rohkeasti yhteytt - asiakkaita palvelee reipas ja avulias Koodiviidakon myyntitiimi sek entiset Innoctuslaiset teknisess tuessa. Omat tuotteemme olivat vanhenemassa ja Koodiviidakon uudenaikaiset vlineet tuovat asiakkaillemme hyvn jatkumon digitaaliseen markkinointiin. Markku Toivanen Toimitusjohtaja, Innoctus Oy Innoctuksen pitk historia ja osaavat tyt tuovat mahtavan lisn Viidakon kasvavaan tiimiin. Kauppa tukee tavoitettamme olla Suomen johtava markkinointiteknologian tarjoaja. Samuli Tursas Toimitusjohtaja, Koodiviidakko Oy Haluatko keskustella lis yrityskaupasta tai digiviestinnn tarpeistanne? Ota yhteytt Koodiviidakon asiantuntijoihin. Ota yhteytt Myynti ja tiedustelut Sposti: myynti(@)viidakko.fi Puhelin: +358 (0)10 38 77053 (vaihde) Myynnin yhteystiedot Tukipyynnt Sposti: tuki(@)innoctus.fi Puhelin: +358 (0)10 28 16110 Laskutus ja talousasiat Sposti: laskutus(@)viidakko.fi ePressi.com Koodiviidakon lehdistötiedotteet 22.11.2013 Koodiviidakko Oy jo neljättä vuotta peräkkäin Suomen nopeimmin kasvavien teknologiayritysten joukossa 30.08.2013 Koodiviidakko Oy:n uusi julkaisujärjestelmä tuo analytiikan osaksi digitaalista sisällöntuotantoa 03.06.2013 Koodiviidakko Oy on ostanut Innoctus Oy:n liiketoiminnan 23.11.2012 Koodiviidakko on Oulun seudun nopeimmin kasvava teknologiayritys jo kolmatta vuotta peräkkäin Twitter Koodiviidakko Twitterissä 25.02.2014 viidakko: RT @paytrail: Kuluttajasuojalain muutos – 4 kohdan muistilista verkkokauppiaalle #verkkokauppa #yrittäjyys #muutos... 25.02.2014 viidakko: RT @FinJonna: Hyvä ja vahva #sisältö tarjoaa aitoa #arvoa vastaanottajalle ja vahvistaa organisaation #brändiä. ... 25.02.2014 viidakko: Käytännön case: #markkinointi #automaatio uutiskirjeissä: kohti yksilöllisempää viestintää http://t.co/K42sCeCC1g 25.02.2014 viidakko: Integraatiot suurin teknologinen haaste verkkokaupan kehitykselle http://t.co/ADgKhypat9 Etusivu Ajankohtaista Marketing Cloud Asiakkaita Tilaa uutiskirje Rekisteriseloste Mainostoimistoille Avainlippu - Suomalaista palvelua AAA - Korkein laatuluokitus European Business Awards Valtakunnallinen yrittäjäpalkinto 2012 Deloitte IAB Finland – verkkomainonnan asialla! Koodiviidakko Twitterissä Koodiviidakko Facebookissa Koodiviidakko Oy - Y-tunnus 1939962-1 Twiittaa Ota yhteyttä Takaisin ylös Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software Skip to main content Rutgers University Rutgers-Newark School of Public Affairs and Administration (SPAA) Rutgers University - Newark Competence | Diversity | Knowledge | Service           Search form Search You are here Home NCPP / E-Governance Institute Institutes E-Governance Institute Institute of Business District Management Online Professional Certificates Business District Executive Management Certificate (BDEM) Public Performance Measurement Certificate (PPM) National Center for Public Performance (NCPP) at Rutgers SPAA The National Center for Public Performance (NCPP) at Rutgers University is a research and public service organization devoted to improving productivity in the public sector. Founded in 1975, NCPP serves as a vehicle for the study, dissemination and recognition of performance measurement initiatives in government. In addition, NCPP specializes in research and teaching in the engagement of citizens and, through the generous support of The Sloan Foundation, has been able to undertake research and teaching in citizen-driven government performance, develop curricular resources and deliver online training for public managers. Executive Director Dean, School of Public Affairs and Administration, Rutgers-Newark mholzer@rutgers.edu About Rutgers SPAA Newark Degrees Certificates Key Performance Indicators Outcomes Student Resources Organizations International Students Faculty Staff Alumni Giving Events Conferences News Press Careers Internships Publications, Journals Reports Research Projects International Partnerships Projects Teaching Resources Centers, Institutes Networks NCPP / E-Governance Institute PPMRN New Jersey DataBank Cases Simulations Portal Virtual Museum of Public Service School of Public Affairs and Administration (SPAA) 111 Washington Street  |  Newark, NJ 07102 spaa@newark.rutgers.edu   |  973-353-5093   Skip Navigation Leadership Guide Site Map | Home Introduction ExecutiveSummary Full Report (PDF) Curriculum Use of Materials Support provided by: Center for Biosecurity of UPMC Oklahoma City Memorial Institute for the Prevention of Terrorism (MIPT) U.S. Department of Homeland Security, Office of Domestic Preparedness The Alfred P. Sloan Foundation Home Resources Multimedia Leadership Guide Introduction Purpose How to Lead during Bioattacks provides government leaders with guidance on anticipating and averting governing pitfalls that arise during epidemics. This resource: Sets forth strategic goals that distinguish effective, compassionate leadership in epidemics Illustrates circumstances posed by bioattacks that further complicate response to the health crisis Identifies dilemmas of governing that commonly arise during naturally occurring or intentionally caused epidemics Recommends principles and actions for averting and/or remedying such predicaments. Background To address the issue, the UPMC Center for Biosecurity convened the Working Group on 'Governance Dilemmas' in Bioterrorism Response from February 2003–February 2004. This group is comprised of thirty professionals including veteran political and public health leaders; medicine, public health, and disaster experts; community leaders and special population advocates; and news media, public affairs and risk communication experts. In March 2004, the Working Group published a consensus statement entitled "Leading during Bioattacks and Epidemics with the Public's Trust and Help" in the peer-reviewed journal Biosecurity and Bioterrorism. Site Contents Bios: Biographical information for members of the Working Group on 'Governance Dilemmas' in Bioterrorism Response Executive Summary : An interactive executive summary of the Working Group consensus statement that outlines key points and offers supporting case studies of responses to real-life crises Full Report: PDF file of the Working Group consensus statement entitled "Leading during Bioattacks and Epidemics with the Public's Trust and Help" published in the peer-reviewed journal Biosecurity and Bioterrorism. Adobe Acrobat is required to view this report. requires Acrobat Reader Curriculum: Materials and selected resources that complement the guidelines in "How to Lead during Bioattacks with the Public's Trust and Help: A Manual for Mayors, Governors, and Top Health Officials" Acknowledgements Disclaimer: Points of view presented are those of the working group and do not necessarily represent the official position of MIPT, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, or the Sloan Foundation. Copyright © 2014 UPMC. All rights reserved. | About this website Skip to Main Content My Sac State Contact Directories Find A Person or Department A - Z Index Faculty Webpages close About Academics Admissions Athletics Make A Gift Click to show Quick Links Calendars Catalog College Portrait Colleges Depts Computing Technology Jobs Library Online Courses (SacCT) SacLink Department of Public Policy and Administration Department of Public Policy and Administration About PPA Calendar GASPPA PPA in the Community Program Review Department Scrapbook Student Handbook Videos about PPA Admissions Eligibility Application Capital Fellows Alumni Alumni Listserv Alumni Update Certificate Programs Collaborative Governance Judicial Administration Certificate Curriculum Academic Core Electives Internship Culminating Experience Prerequisites Course Sequencing Time Limit Joint Degree Curriculum Faculty Governance Recruitment Faculty Scholarship Forms Graduate Assistantships Links Syllabi Archived Syllabi Thesis/Project Writing Your Thesis Thesis/Project Bank Commencement Contact Us Information Request PPA Listserv Becoming a PPA Donor Public Policy Administration Tahoe Hall, room 3038 6000 J Street ppa-01@csus.edu Facebook YouTube Follow @rwassme Follow @PPASacState navigation Admissions Advising Rob Wassmer, Chair rwassme@csus.edu Affiliate Memberships complementary Public Policy and Administration Giving to PPA Spring 2014 Happenings A Call to Action Our Wish List How to Give More information... Our final application deadline for fall 2014 is March 1, 2014. Our downloadable brochure ! Sample of Recent Scholarship by PPA Faculty PPA Thesis Bank Department Assessment Reports PPA in the Community Professor Venezia had a chapter published in a New Directions for Community Colleges -- Special Issue: The College Completion Agenda: Practical Approaches for Reaching the Big Goal . Senator Tom Harkins staff asked Professor Venezia to DC to testify on the Reauthorization of the Higher Ed Act. Her written testimony is here . This month, Professor Andrea Venezia presented to about 250 representatives of postsecondary institutions at a College Board conference in San Diego focusing on how institutions can track student progression and provide the appropriate supports . PPA Student Cosmo Garvin explains the King's Arena controversy using the tools of our Program. Please join us in congratulating MPPA alumnus Andrew Sturmfels (MPPA 2012) and his wife, Nichole, as they welcome Andrea Beverly Sturmfels to the world. She arrived Friday, November 15, 2013 at 12:32 pm, weighing at at 8 lbs 5 oz. and 20.25 inches. Congratulations, Andrew and Nichole, on the arrival of your beautiful and healthy daughter! . See more at our PPA in the Community page. The Master of Public Policy and Administration is an exciting professional degree opportunity for students interested in a public service career. The program draws together the diverse perspectives, technologies and skills now essential to a successful career in public management or in one of the many fields within the public policy arena. Unlike programs with a more limited focus, ours provides skills necessary for management and budgeting, as well as analytical tools helpful for understanding the economic implications of policy choices, evaluating policy options, developing political strategies for advancing proposals, and conducting/assessing research projects. Additionally, consideration of ethics and the public good is infused throughout the curriculum. Our graduate programs can be found at the University's on-line catalog . The department also offers: Master of Science in Urban Land Development Special Master's Program in PPA and Gerontology Certificate in Collaborative Governance Through CCE: Certificate in Judicial Administration Independent Education Doctorate in partnership with the College of Education . Public Policy Administration and Law - This is a new program for 2014!! University of the Pacific, McGeorge School of Law . What's Possible: Reinventing Government Hornets Policy Politics Alumni , California Forward, the League of California Cities, and ASPA-Sacramento. What's Possible: Reinventing Government A Brief Interview from What's Possible! Public Innovation . Attention applicants! See our prerequites page for more information. California State University, Sacramento 6000 J Street Sacramento, CA95819 (916) 278 - 6011 Comments Questions A to Z Index Accessibility Home Contact Us Giving to Mills Undergraduate Graduate Faculty Course Descriptions Course Schedule Academic Calendar Library Study Abroad Internships Grants Special Programs Summer Session January Term Undergraduate Graduate Art Museum Athletics Recreation Center for Contemporary Music (CCM) Chapel Childrens School Commuting Diversity Programs Housing Student Activities Clubs Student Government Student Publications Bookstore Career Services Center for Academic Excellence Dining Disability Services Financial Aid Health Counseling International Students Mail Copy Center Peer Tutoring Registrar Records Safety Transportation Student Accounts Technology Writing Center Mission History Facts About Mills Notable Graduates Student Stories Administration Photo Gallery Diversity Social Justice Sustainability News Events Directions Contact Us Back to Undergraduate American Studies African African Diaspora Studies Anthropology Art History Art Studio Asian Studies Athletics, Physical Education, Recreation Biochemistry Molecular Biology Biology Biopsychology Book Art Business Economics Chemistry Child Development Chinese College 005 Computer Science Dance Economics Education Engineering English Environmental Science Environmental Studies Ethnic Studies French Francophone Studies Government Hellman Program History Institute for Civic Leadership Intermedia Arts International Relations Journalism Latin American Studies Law Letters Division Literary Cultural Studies Mathematics Medicine/Health Sciences Music Nursing Philosophy Physics Political, Legal Economic Analysis Psychology Public Policy Queer Studies Religious Studies Social Sciences Division Sociology Spanish Spanish American Studies Summer Academic Workshop Womens, Gender Sexuality Studies Home Academics Undergraduate Public Policy The academic discipline of public policy offers an integrative framework for using the tools and insights of economics and political science, as well as other social science disciplines, in the analysis of public problems and the design of policy solutions. Public policy at Mills College prepares students for engaged citizenship, further study, and careers in such fields as law, city and regional planning, economic development, public health, nonprofit and public sector management, and policy analysis per se. The core requirements of the major provide an introduction to policy analysis and the policy-making process, the fundamental skills of policy analysis, and a senior capstone project in which students apply their policy training to a real-world problem. In the Applied Policy Analysis courses, students apply analytic frameworks to a substantive policy area. The Dimensions requirements expose students to academic fields most relevant to policy studies beyond the level included in the core. Finally, the Policy Issues and Methods Electives enable students to develop skill or knowledge in a substantive policy area (such as education policy or health policy), in analytic methods or tools (such as qualitative research methods or geographic information systems), or in public communications (such as print and broadcast journalism). The Public Policy Program aims to involve many more women in the public domain as decision makers, policy analysts, and advocates. In addition, the Public Policy Program at Mills often serves as a campus portal for involvement in the wider Oakland community and a site for policy-related lectures and events. View Program Goals With Mills' unique Bachelor's to Master's 4+1 Degree Programs you can earn two academic degrees in five yearsincreasing your career options after college. Click a link below for courses you can be taking now to prepare for your Bachelor's to Master's 4+1 Degree. Education/Teaching Credential Computer Science MBA Public Policy Program Information Courses Program Activities Resources Announcements Events What is Public Policy? Our curriculum Our students and their work Policy spotlight resources Internships and employment opportunities Apply Now Awards Contact Information P: 510.430.2147 F: 510.430.2304 E: ppol@mills.edu Home Terms of Use Policies Directions Contact Us Connect Last Updated: 3/12/13 A-Z | myMav UT Arlington SUPA UT Arlington School of Urban and Public Affairs UT Arlington SUPA About SUPA | Faculty and Staff | Calendar | Contact Undergraduate Interdisciplinary Studies (INTS) Minor in Urban and Public Affairs Minor in Environmental and Sustainability Studies Graduate Ph.D. in Public and Urban Administration Ph.D. in Urban Planning and Public Policy Master of City and Regional Planning Master of Arts in Urban Affairs Master of Public Administration Certificate Programs Forms for Students How to Apply Institute of Urban Studies Contact the Institute Projects and partnerships Alumni Giving to SUPA Oops! It looks like you don't have flash player 6 installed. Click here to go to Macromedia download page. Want to learn more about our programs? Attend a Graduate Information Forum . Learn more about our Scholarships . Connect with SUPA: noteworthy Studying Community Organizations’ Role in Health Care Dr. Karabi Bezboruah investigated health-focused community organizations, the issues they face and steps that could help improve their services. SCHOOL OF URBAN AND PUBLIC AFFAIRS (SUPA) Facebook | Twitter | Blog 601 S. Nedderman Dr. 511 University Hall Box 19588 Arlington, TX 76019 Main: 817-272-2338 Institute of Urban Studies: 817-272-3305 Dean's Office: 817-272-3301 2014 The University of Texas at Arlington . All rights reserved. Skip to main content TSPPPA GW Go GW Home Arts & Sciences About Arts & Sciences Vision History About the Dean Administration Advisory Councils Support Arts Sciences For Faculty Offices, Maps, Directions News Events Print Magazine Latest E-Magazine E-Magazine Archives Spotlight Multimedia Blogs Events Press Releases Submit Your News Undergraduate Admissions Programs Advising Pre-Professional Graduate Admissions Doctoral Programs Master's Programs Graduate Certificate Programs Important Contacts Links Graduate Student Handbook Research Centers Institutes Faculty Fellowships, Grants, Awards Published Books Departmental Programs Research Scholarship Office of the Vice President for Research Alumni Connect Share Programs Events Benefits Services Volunteer Give Departments Programs Africana Studies American Studies Anthropology Art Therapy Biochemistry Biological Sciences Biomedical Sciences Biostatistics Chemistry Classical Near Eastern Languages Civilizations Classical Acting Early Modern European Studies East Asian Languages Literatures Economics English Environmental Resource Policy Environmental Studies Film Studies Fine Arts Art History Forensic Psychology Forensic Sciences Genomics Bioinformatics Geography Geological Sciences Global Communications History Hominid Paleobiology Human Services Interior Architecture Design Judiac Studies LGBT Health Linguistics Mathematics Media Public Affairs Museum Studies Music Organizational Sciences Communication Peace Studies Philosophy Physics Political Science Professional Psychology Psychology Public Policy Public Administration Religion Romance, German, Slavic Languages Literature Sociology Speech Hearing Studies Statistics Theatre Dance University Writing Program Women's Studies Home About Academics Admissions Funding Your Education Faculty and Staff Career Advancement Syllabi, Forms and FAQs News Events Alumni Services Arthur S. Flemming Awards Support April 25 Friday News Articles Professor Leah Brooks Explores the Hidden Side of Cities February 18, 2014 Affiliated Faculty Member Amit Ronen Quoted in L.A. Times January 14, 2014 PhD Student Betsy Kidder Wins Dissertation Support Grant January 10, 2014 Make a Difference The Trachtenberg School of Public Policy and Public Administration Do you believe that one person can make a difference from within a system? Do you want to develop your understanding of management, leadership, evaluation, administration, statistics and policy while being in the heart of Washington, D.C. – the nucleus of political power in the USA? Are you ready to apply your new skills and knowledge to details like budgets and program evaluation as well as big picture issues including health care and education reform? Do you want to be an agent for change in the public, private or nonprofit sector? Then learn more about the programs at the Trachtenberg School of Public Policy and Public Administration: Master of Public Administration Master of Public Policy PhD in Public Policy and Administration Certificate in Nonprofit Management MPA or MPP: Which Degree is Best for You? Both the Master of Public Administration (MPA) and the Master of Public Policy (MPP) are strong, valuable, recognized degrees. At GW, the basic structures (and amount of coursework) are virtually identical between the two degrees. However, the degrees do have distinctions in terms of the course emphases and recommended fields of concentration. Be Connected The Trachtenberg School is the highest ranked public affairs program (#12 of 266 schools ranked in the 2013 U.S. News and World Report graduate school rankings) in the heart of Washington, D.C. More than 2,000 Trachtenberg School alumni live in D.C., Maryland and Virginia and they are ready to help current students make connections to the government, consulting and nonprofit opportunities that abound in this area. Also, Trachtenberg School faculty are experts in their field with practical experiences – including testifying before Congress and training public administrators through the U.S. government and around the world – that enhance and inform their teaching. Tweets by @gwtspppa Be Equipped The Trachtenberg School will give you the tools you need to advance your career. Learn about how recent graduates use the knowledge they gained at the Trachtenberg School in their daily work. Be Involved A good graduate program should provide more than classroom instruction. At the Trachtenberg School, opportunities abound for you to be involved beyond reading and writing. Join the Trachtenberg Student Organization for social (trivia, fall ball, etc.) and educational (policy forum) opportunities. Be part of the school’s 25+ year commitment to the Anacostia neighborhood in SE D.C. and help tutor students at Anacostia High School. Provide pro bono services to government agencies and nonprofits as part of your capstone course. The time you spend outside the classroom might be the parts you love most about your experience. The Trachtenberg School of Public Policy and Public Administration Media and Public Affairs Building 805 21st St. NW Suite 601 Washington, DC 20052 Phone: 202-994-6295 | Fax: 202-994-6792 tspppa@gwu.edu Campus Advisories Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact GW A - Z Index Home Penn Arts Sciences University of Pennsylvania About Academics Admissions Alumni Careers Consulting Public Policy Challenge News Events Press Room Learn by Doing Whether it's interning with global organizations, political campaigns, or local non-profits, students apply their education in the field and continue to learn by doing. read more ‹‹ 4 of 6 ›› Beyond the Website: The Early Implementation of the Affordable Care Act in Pennsylvania In December 2013, all twenty-nine members of the Fels Institute of Government Master of Public Administration (MPA) Class of 2015 worked together to produce ... Read More Chris Goy, MPA 14, Featured in Philadelphia Magazine The latest issue of Philadelphia Magazine is all about the impact millenials are having on Philadelphia. Prominently featured is Chris Goy, MPA '14, who worked with Councilman Jim Kenney (a... Read More The Executive MPA: a new format for a new generation of leaders The Fels Institute of Government is very... Read More Philadelphia Social Innovations Lab: a New Kind of Class at Fels By Molly Porth, MPA '14 A lab? At Fels? When I first began my MPA degree at Fels in August 2012, I never would have dreamed I'd have the opportunity to take a lab class as part of my... Read More 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 … next › last » News Meet the Team - Philadelphia MVP Meet the Team - iCAN PPC finalist iCAN strives to increase college access for low-income students through the use of mentorship and targeted... Meet the Team - Fill Up Philly PPC finalist proposes the operation of a rolling recreation center, with a focus on delivering free meals to children. Upcoming Events Saturday Classes Saturday, March 1, 2014 (All day) Public Policy Challenge: Penn Finals Sunday, March 2, 2014 - 1:00pm - 5:30pm Spring Break Saturday, March 8, 2014 (All day) - Sunday, March 16, 2014 (All day) MORE EVENTS Thinking about graduate school? Start Here There is no better time to Support Fels February, 2014 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 ©2014 Fels Institute of Government Log In (PennKey) 3814 Walnut Street Map Directions P 215.898.2600 Email Us Fels Events Student Resources Internship Database Support Fels Maxwell School Navigation About Maxwell Departments Programs Centers Institutes News Events prospective students current students faculty staff alumni donors Department Navigation Academics Faculty Research Admissions Career Alumni Current Students Contact Us Maxwell / Department of Public Administration International Affairs Follow PAIA at: Department of Public Administration and International Affairs | Maxwell School | Syracuse University | 215 Eggers Hall | Syracuse, NY 13244-1020 | 315.443.4000 | Fax: 315-443-9721 Jump to: Page Content Directory Contact Us Intranet Harvard University Search this site Search Terms About Us History Message from the Dean Faculty Alumni Relations Why Harvard Kennedy School? Campus Virtual Tour Administrative Offices Faculty Staff Directory Giving to the Kennedy School Employment Contact Us News Events News Events Calendar Media Experts Guide News Publications Video and Multimedia Social Media, Blogs and RSS Contact Degree Programs Admissions Master's Degrees Doctoral Programs Student Financial Services Registrar Teaching Courses Office of Career Advancement Student Life Office for Student Diversity and Inclusion Executive Education Programs Advantage of Executive Education Admissions FAQs Alumni Faculty Research Publications Faculty Research Working Paper Series Faculty Research Connection The Case Program Publications Harvard Kennedy School Library HKS Library Virtual Book Tour Research Central Centers Programs Centers Programs By Topic Master in Public Administration/ International Development Curriculum Faculty Students MPA/ID Admissions Funding Your Studies FAQ for Prospective Applicants Life After HKS Alumni Profiles Contact The John F. Kennedy Jr. Forum is one of the world's premier arenas for political speech, discussion and debate. This university-wide center seeks to advance understanding of development challenges and offer viable solutions to problems of global poverty. Home Degree Programs Master's Degrees Master in Public Administration/ International Development Never before in history has the dream of eliminating global poverty been so attainable, yet seemed so elusive. We live in a world where the reach of technology and markets are global, and yet more than a billion men, women, and children live in abject poverty, devoid of their benefits. How can that possibly be? In an age of plenty, what deprives people of adequate food, shelter, clean water, education, good health and enough income to live on with dignity? What can governments, international agencies, and non-governmental organizations do to make the dream a reality? The study of international development is about finding answers to questions like these. - Dani Rodrik The two-year Master in Public Administration in International Development (MPA/ID) Program, Harvard Kennedy School's newest degree,is designed to prepare the next generation of leaders in international development. It is an economics-centered, multi-disciplinary program, combining rigorous training in analytical and quantitative methods with an emphasis on policy and practice. The MPA/ID Program has course prerequisites to ensure that students will be adequately prepared for the rigor of the core curriculum. The prerequisite course requirements are one university-level course in each of the following: For more information on prerequisite course requirements and admissions criteria, please visit the MPA/ID Admissions pages . Joint Japan/World Bank Scholarship Program Nick Khaw , of Malaysia, was able to attend the MPA/ID Program thanks to the Joint Japan/World Bank Graduate Scholarship Partnership Program Privacy Statement Site Map Copyright 2014 The President and Fellows of Harvard College The Global Standard in Public Service Education US News World Report Login Welcome, {{name}} Logout Store Twitter Facebook Google+ Sections News & Opinion Health Money Education Cars Travel Law Video Special Reports The Beatles Best of 2013 Be the Best You Hospital of Tomorrow How to Live to 100 JFK: 50 Years Later Jobs in 2020 STEM The War on Poverty Rankings Grad Schools Home Colleges Grad Schools Business Education Engineering Law Medical Select a program (required) Public Affairs Fine Arts Health Sciences Business Education Law Medicine Library Engineering Social Sciences Best High Schools Online Education World Universities Home Graduate Schools Public Affairs Public Management Administration Public Management Administration Public Affairs Public management and public administration programs give students leadership and conflict management skills for jobs in the public and private sectors. These are the top schools for an M.P.A. or M.P.P. in public management administration. Rank School name Syracuse University (Maxwell) Syracuse, NY University of Georgia Athens, GA Indiana University​Bloomington Bloomington, IN Harvard University (Kennedy) Cambridge, MA University of Kansas Lawrence, KS University of Southern California (Price) Los Angeles, CA Rutgers, the State University of New Jersey​Newark Newark, NJ American University Washington, DC New York University (Wagner) New York, NY George Washington University (Trachtenberg) Washington, DC University of Washington (Evans) Seattle, WA Ohio State University (Glenn) Columbus, OH University of Arizona Tucson, AZ University at Albany​SUNY (Rockefeller) Albany, NY University of Texas​Austin (LBJ) Austin, TX University of Wisconsin​Madison (La Follette) Madison, WI Virginia Tech Blacksburg, VA Florida State University (Askew) Tallahassee, FL Arizona State University Phoenix, AZ Texas A University​College Station (Bush) College Station, TX University of Maryland​College Park College Park, MD University of Minnesota​Twin Cities (Humphrey) Minneapolis, MN University of Nebraska​Omaha Omaha, NE University of Colorado​Denver Denver, CO University of North Carolina​Chapel Hill Chapel Hill, NC Unlock this Information Sign up for College Compass to get complete access to U.S.News rankings and school data. Get Access No Thanks 1 2 Grad School Search Public Affairs Fine Arts Health Sciences Business Education Law Medicine Library Engineering Social Sciences Looking at grad schools? Find out what you need to know. Studying at a U.S. Graduate School Applying to Grad School Paying for Grad School About the GRE Find Graduate Programs MA, MS, MBA and Other Master's Degrees ; Ph.D. and Other Doctoral Degrees AACSB-Accredited Business Schools ; MEd and Other Master's Programs for Teachers Learn More at www.usnewsuniversitydirectory.com ! From picking a school to buying a car, our rankings help make hard decisions easier. See all U.S. News Rankings Rankings Lists Best Colleges Best Grad Schools Best Hospitals Best Diets Best Vacations Best Cars Doctor Finder More rankings U.S. News & World Report About U.S. News & World Report Contact Us Store Advertising info Press Room Site Map Twitter Facebook Google+ Sections News & Opinion Health Money Education Cars Travel Law Video See expanded profiles for nearly 1,800 schools and comprehensive financial aid info. School Marketing Opportunities Best Colleges Grad Guidebooks Terms and Conditions / Privacy Policy Future Students Current Students Parents Veterans Alumni Faculty Staff Visitors Apply Online Learning Directory insideUNH Getting In Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions International Admissions Apply Now Financial Aid Net Price Calculator Our Colleges College of Arts Sciences College of Business Henry C. Lee College of Criminal Justice and Forensic Sciences Tagliatela College of Engineering College of Lifelong eLearning Information Technology IT Support insideUNH Student Email Faculty Staff Email Blackboard Office of Information Technology (OIT) Popular Sites Emergency Procedures and Notifications Academic Schedules Registration Career Development Center Parking Study Abroad Top Searches and Most-Visited Pages About UNH Academics Admissions News Events Athletics Library Student Life Support UNH Parameters for image-map-2 : {} University of New Haven 300 Boston Post Road West Haven, CT 06516 Campus Locations and Directions 1-800-DIAL-UNH OR 1-800-342-5864 Emergency Procedures Employment Feedback Network Systems Status Online Privacy Statement Top Searches/Most-Visited Pages Public Administration Coordinator: Cynthia Conrad, Ph.D., Associate Professor Chair - Department of Public Management Ph.D. The University of Texas at Arlington. The Master of Public Administration degree trains you forpublic service careers. Wehelp you develop the modernanalytic and quantitative toolsll need to analyze and makedecisions about the complexproblems of government andnonprofit organizations. Designed for both new graduates and those already employed in the public sector seeking advancement, the M.P.A. program in the Department of Public Management provides students with theopportunity to increase knowledge and gain the skills necessary to take on challenging assignmentsin budgeting, planning, public policy formulation, public finance, public personnel administration,and collective bargaining. The interdisciplinary program offers fourteen courses nine requiredcourses and five elective or concentration courses covering topics in city management, personnel and labor relations, and community clinical services, among others. You may also elect to takecourses in management, criminal justice, fire science, psychology, economics, and more. The M.P.A. program is designed to provide exceptional flexibility for our students: Classes in the regular, main campus schedule meet on weeknights from 6 p.m. to 9 p.m. in West Haven to accommodate workingstudents. The regular graduate schedule follows a thirteen week trimester format of the University. Students can choose from concentrations in city management, community clinical services,long-term health care, personnel and labor relations, and health care management. A special cohort delivery option for the program is available at our New London campusfor busy working professionals who want to complete a masters degree quickly without sacrificing quality. The cohort also meets on Saturday. New London Cohort Program The College of Business offers an Accelerated Saturday MPA program at our New London This program has been designed for busy working professionals looking to complete a Masters degree quickly without sacrificing quality. Classes are held on Saturdays, 8:30 am 3:30 pm. Call 860-701-5454 or email secampus@newhaven.edu for more information. The New London cohort schedule is more accelerated and allows students to complete the degree in 22 months.The New London schedulealso accommodates busy working students by holding classes on Saturdays, from 8:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. Certificate Programs Human Resources Management Increases proficiency and knowledge in personneltraining and development, collective bargaining, organizational effectiveness, and more. Public Management Designed to prepare students for successful managerial positionsin the public sector. Program Description Public Administration, M.P.A. Concentrations City Management Community-Clinical Services Health Care Management Long-Term Health Care Personnel and Labor Relations Certificate Public Administration       Learn more about the MPA program at our informational webinar!  Tuesday, March 4, 2014  3:00 pm - 3:30 pm  Register here  Experience the Program Learn about the real experiences Public Administration students get to take part in. Parameters for image-map-2 : {} Request Information Apply Now Parameters for image-map-2 : {} Facebook Twitter YouTube Find UNH on Google+ LinkedIn Experience the Program Admissions Requirements Graduate Financial Aid Faculty MPA Saturday Schedule University of New Haven College of Business Academic Programs College of Business Graduate Programs Public Administration Search Search Spring 2011 Classes: find online at uaaonline New classes this Spring 2011 Text-Only Version | Accessibility Statement Academics Web CT Oasis Library Academic Resources Student Life MyUGA UGA Mail Campus Life Student Resources About UGA News Master Calendar Department Directory Athletics Helpful Links Graduate School Financial Aid International Education Contacts Directories University of Georgia Quick Links School of Public and International Affairs Department of Public Administration and Policy Home About PADP Welcome Academics Research Job Openings Visit Us Student Organizations GSPA DSPA Gwinnett Contact Us People Faculty Staff Graduate Students PhD Students MPA Students Degrees & Programs Prospective Applicants MPA AB / MPA Joint Degree MPA / JD Joint Degree Ph.D Courses Syllabi / Schedules Scheduling / Advising Resources Orientation Career Services Computer Labs Forms Student Resources Faculty Resources News & Events News Events Alumni Stay Connected Alumni News Alumni Class Notes Giving Opportunities Our faculty are active and engaged experts with substantial experience serving and advising governments, foundations, and others with a serious concern for the public interest. Our goal is to develop new and creative curricular options and scholarly initiatives. The Department's activities and work reach to six continents and to issues of governance at every level. Georgia's Department of Public Administration and Policy is an exciting place. The people are lively, the setting congenial and collegial, the work important, and the reputation unparalleled. In The Spotlight News Events Alumni News Research Publications Giving Opportunities Athens Weather Weather data not available Student Honors & Awards MPA student Receives Best Paper Award MoreStudent Honors & Awards › Department News Speaker Ralston Visits PADP Class MoreDepartment News › Phaedra Corso named UGA Foundation Professor of Human Health Research & Publications Wilkins Article Featured on USAPP Blog MoreResearch & Publications › keep in touch Update your records Please ensure that we have your current address and contact information. We want to keep in touch with all of our alumni and friends so that our invitations, announcements, and publications will reach you. Read › rankings 4th in the Nation The Master of Public Administration Program at the University of Georgia is one of the nation's best for public service education. It continues to be ranked 4th in the nation, the 2nd best among public universities, and is the highest ranked graduate degree program at UGA. Read › NASPAA Accredited The purpose of NASPAA accreditation is to promote and maintain educational quality for professional public service degrees. NASPAA accreditation recognizes that a master's program in public affairs has undertaken a rigorous process of peer review conducted by the Commission on Peer Review and Accreditation (COPRA). Read › Department of Public Administration and Policy National Association of Public Administration and Policy School of Public and International Affairs 204 Baldwin Hall, Facebook Twitter Linked in Jump to Navigation GSU E-MAIL GOSOLAR LIBRARY PAWS DESIRE2LEARN ADMISSIONS CAMPUS VISITS CALENDAR A-Z Search form Search Department of Public Management and Policy About Degrees Programs Undergraduate Graduate Programs Master of Public Administration Master of Public Policy Master of Public Administration - Juris Doctor Peace Corps Masters International Program Doctor of Philosophy in Public Policy Ph.D. in Public Policy (Joint Program with Georgia Tech) 2-Year Projected Course Offerings Certificate Programs Program Advisors Study Abroad Browse Undergraduate Courses Browse Graduate Courses Course Syllabi PMAP People Career Services Financial Assistance Student Organizations Contact Us Master of Public Administration The master of public administration (MPA) is the degree of choice for individuals with an interest in public affairs and professional management in the public and nonprofit sectors. Whether you’re seeking a first job in government or with a nonprofit organization, or are interested in advancing in an existing career, Georgia State University’s MPA program provides skills and knowledge that government and nonprofit agencies are looking for. Join us as we explore new ideas and perspectives on public and nonprofit administration, policy and governance in the 21st Century. Our MPA program is fully accredited by the National Association of Schools of Public Affairs and Administration (NASPAA).  Read the NASPAA Code of Good Practice . AYSPS is also a member of APPAM. Recent national studies have ranked our overall public affairs curriculum in the top 27 programs nationwide, and in the top 15 for public finance, urban policy, and nonprofit management. The Department of Public Management and Policy, located in the Andrew Young School of Policy Studies, provides access to a community of research and teaching scholars with national and international reputations for their expertise and contributions to knowledge and practice across a broad range of administrative processes and policy concerns. The mission of the Master of Public Administration (MPA) program is to prepare students to become leaders in public service careers as executives, managers, analysts, and policy specialists in government and nonprofit organizations. MPA Degree Requirements The MPA has concentrations in Criminal Justice, Management and Finance, Nonprofit Management, Planning and Economic Development, Policy Analysis and Evaluation, and Public Health. The MPA degree requires 39 hours of graduate coursework, which must include 24 credit hours of required courses, a minimum of 12 credit hours in a concentration, and 3 credit hours of internship or practicum. 1. Required Core Courses (27 hours) PMAP 8111 Public Service and Democracy* *Nonprofit management concentration students must take PMAP 8210 Introduction to the Nonprofit Sector 2. Concentrations (12 hours) Each student must develop special competence in a particular area of public administration by completing 12 hours in one of six concentrations. Students must formally declare the concentration they wish to complete prior to registering for their first elective course. The MPA program includes concentrations in: Criminal Justice Management and Finance Nonprofit Management Planning and Economic Development Policy Analysis and Evaluation Public Health Students also have the option of graduating without a concentration by developing an individualized set of courses that must be approved by the Department of Public Management and Policy.   Program Characteristics The MPA program is a late-afternoon/evening program with courses offered Monday-Thursday.  All courses are one-night-a-week classes, either in the 4:30-7:15 p.m. or 7:30-9:45 time slot.  Classes are all taught on the GSU downtown campus.  Students are welcome to enroll on a part-time or full-time basis based on their personal schedules and work demands.  The purpose for offering the program during evening hours is to not only accomodate those students who are already working professionals, but we also want to ensure students have the ability to complete necessary internship requirements during regular business operating hours at local public agencies.   Our MPA Students at a Glance: 42% are part-time students, 57% are full-time students 42% of our students work part-time, 48% work 30+ hours per week, and only 10% are solely working on their internships and attending school Of the 65 students who started the program five years ago, 42% graduated in two years, 72% graduated within three years, and 91% graduated within four years Employment Outcomes Of the 111 graduates of the MPA program in 2011-12, we know the employment status of 94. Nearly half (43) work for nonprofit organizations, and 28 work for governments (15 for local governments, 6 each for the federal and state government, and 1 for another country). In addition, 17 work for the private sector, 3 are pursuing doctoral degrees, and 3 are unemployed. How Do the MPA and MPP Degrees Differ? If you are looking for a professional degree that includes public policy but also focuses on managing and leading a public or nonprofit organization, the MPA degree offers courses in organizational behavior, human resources management, public budgeting, and management systems. These foundational courses are part of the core of the MPA. Common career paths from this degree include Directors, Program Managers, City Managers, Executive Directors, Chief Financial Officers, Volunteer Management, Human Resources, Development Directors, etc. In contrast, but still comparable, is the MPP degree which is focused more on policy analysis, advocacy and evaluation, and the core for this program includes courses in statistics, evaluation research, politics and policy, and policy analysis. Common career paths from this degree include policy analysts, consultants, advocacy and researchers. Some students use the MPP as preparation for entering a doctoral program in public policy.   Contact Graduate Admissions For more information about the school and its programs, please contact: AYS Office of Academic Assistance: Email : GradAYS@gsu.edu Phone : 404-413-0021 Physical Address : AYSPS Office of Academic Assistance View Map Mailing Address :     Home About About the Andrew Young School Welcome from the Dean Welcome from Andrew Young Fact Sheet National Rankings Living in Atlanta Employment Opportunities Strategic Plan Minutes The Building Visit the Andrew Young School Personnel Directory Contact AYSPS Degrees AYSPS Degrees Undergraduate Degrees Graduate Degrees Certificates AYSPS Research Honors Track Faculty Research Faculty and Research Criminal Justice Faculty Economics Faculty PMAP Faculty Social Work Faculty Faculty Emeriti The Vault - Online AYS Research Portal Atlanta Census Research Data Center AYS Research Archive Excellence in Teaching Awards Grant Development and Assistance Journal Editors GSU Digital Measures Student Services Students Home Academic Assistance Career Services Fellowships and Scholarships Research Support Departments Programs Departments Home Department of Criminal Justice and Criminology Department of Economics School of Social Work Department of Public Management and Policy Study Abroad Centers Centers Experimental Economics Center Fiscal Research Center Georgia Health Policy Center GILEE International Center for Public Policy Nonprofit Studies Program Public Performance Management W.J. Usery Workplace Research Group News Events News Events News Releases Seminars Calendar of Events Roundtable Discussions Graduation Recognition Ceremony Honors Day Distinguished Alumni Award Publications RSS Feeds Alumni Friends Alumni Friends Alumni Home Alumni News Releases Mentoring Program Survey Alumni Updates Clubs Andrew Young School of Policy Studies at Georgia State University 14 Marietta Street, NW, Atlanta, GA 30303 View Legal Statement · Contact us · Text-only version View legal statement · Contact us · Send feedback     
