 Tuesday, 25 February 2014 Home Color Symbolism The Meanings of Colors Global Color Survey Color Symbolism Theories Color Symbolism Influences Color Culture Matters Gender Differences The Magic Mystery of Words The Color of Medications Color Design Basic Color Theory Why Color Matters Color Usability Matters Are Black White Colors? More about black white Color Systems - RGB CMYK Historical Color Matters Universal Color - Munsell True Color: Metamerism Color for E-Commerce Where to Study Color Color Design eBooks Computer Colors Global Color Survey Color Marketing Color Branding Color Branding Legal Rights Color Trademarks Why Color Matters The Color of Medications The Meanings of Colors Color Usability Matters Quirks of the Color Quest Color for E-Commerce Global Color Survey Color the Body Color Appetite Matters Drunk Tank Pink How Color Affects Taste and Smell The Color of Medications Color Vision Color Vision Matters Look Inside the Eye What is Color-Blindness How the Eye Sees Color Color Vision for Mice Why Color Matters Color Accident Matters Are Black and White Colors? Color Science Color Systems ElectroMagnetic Color Color Energy Matters New Frontiers for Color True Color - Metamerism Are Black White Colors Science Projects Computer Colors Color Resources Bibliography Research Links Global Color Survey Where to Study Color Color Matters for Kids Archives About Us Who is Color Matters Color Consultation Color Matters and Art Travels Home Welcome to Color Matters Color plays a vitally important role in the world in which we live. Color can sway thinking, change actions, and cause reactions. It can irritate or soothe your eyes, raise your blood pressure or suppress your appetite. When used in the right ways, color can even save on energy consumption. As a powerful form of communication, color is irreplaceable. Red means "stop" and green means "go." Traffic lights send this universal message. Likewise, the colors used for a product, web site, business card, or logo cause powerful reactions. Color Matters! What color makes you happy? What's your favorite color? Tell us what you think about color. After you take the Global Color Survey , you'll get the results from 130,000 from all over the world. Video -Color Matters in Pakistan Color Matters Professor Jill Morton teaches color in Pakistan - February 2013. See how colorful these students are. The symbolism of purple NEW An article from Jill Morton Color Matters for Munsell Color Psychology in Medicine THREE NEW ARTICLES ABOUT COLOR MATTERS People see color before they absorb anything else. Many of the most recognizable brands in the world rely on color as a key factor in their instant recognition. Find out more about why color matters in our new article: Color Branding Can you "own" the colors of your brand? Does John Deere own green? Does Barbie own pink? Does Tiffany own "Robin's Egg" blue? Find out what the TM and ® symbols mean : Color Branding Trademark Rights The colors of buildings provide unique insights into the culture and the materials available at that time in history. Here's an example of it: Historical Color Matters Explore the Meanings of Colors Is red the most extreme powerful color on earth? How can yellow be the color of both happiness and caution today? Supposing the color blue was removed from the world, specifically the sea and sky ... what color would fill the void? Discover the unique meanings of colors. At the Color Matters Blog Shoes and Hues Louboutin's red-soled shoes and Nike's neon yellow-green Volt are making history. Proof that color is a brand's DNA. NEW! Color Matters on Pinterest See what the author of Color Matters is pinning. Fun Color Matters Color Matters for Kids Why Yellow School Buses? How Animals See Color Color What You Wear Look Inside the Eye Global Color Survey Fun Color Facts Factoids Part 1 Factoids Part 2 Factoids Part 3 Factoids Part 4 Factoids Part 5 The Color Police Bad Police Reports Fun Color Tales Car Color Tales Color Connections Global Color Survey Color Matters Blog About Us Who is Color Matters Color Consultation Color Matters and Art Travels Color Travels Pakistan Amsterdam Finland Mexico Color in the USA Newsletter Twitter-Color Matters Pinterest Contact Terms Conditions Copyright Login | Logout Site Map Privacy Policy DMCA Color Matters is a registered trademark of J.L. Morton. Graphics and Text: Copyright (c) 1995-2012, J.L.Morton, All rights reserved Powered by NWI Designs Click here to become a sponsor ARC Home Mission Statement Art Renewal Center FAQ Contact Us ARC Staff Allied Organizations ARC Recommended Links Site Map Terms and Conditions Donate to ARC Philosophy Why Realism? 20th Century Art Scam Mission Statement Oil Painters of America Keynote Angel Academy Speech Good Art/Bad Art: Pulling Back the Curtain William Bouguereau and the Real 19th Century 2011 NTDTV Award Speech ARC Philosophy FAQ Membership Upgrade to a Full Membership View/Edit Your User Profile Log in or Create a New Account Join the GoodArt Discussion List Become an ARC Approved Atelier Become an ARC Living Artist Donate to ARC Articles Browse Our Collection Articles Online Books Technical Articles ARChives ASCR Journals Letters to ARC ARC Approved Publications Museum Search the ARC Museum Recent Additions ARC Approved Artist Living MasterGallery 225 Most Popular Artists Education ARC Approved Ateliers Workshops and Academies ARC Approved Atelier Map Apply for ARC Approval For Your School Apply for the ARC Scholarship Contest Scholarship Contest Results for 2013 Scholarship Contest Results for previous years First Scholarship Contest Results for 2001 Second Scholarship Contest Results for 2001 Scholarship Contest Results for 2002 Scholarship Contest Results for 2003 Scholarship Contest Results for 2004 Scholarship Contest Results for 2005 Scholarship Contest Results for 2006 Scholarship Contest Results for 2007 Scholarship Contest Results for 2008 Scholarship Contest Results for 2009 Scholarship Contest Results for 2010 Scholarship Contest Results for 2011 Scholarship Contest Results for 2012 Art Scholarship List Bouguereau Book Grant Artist SelfHelp Books and DVDs Art Renewal Audio Podcast Salon Prospectus Salon Entry Form 2012-2013 Contest Winners Previous Years Salon Winners 2004 Contest Winners 2005 Contest Winners 2006 Contest Winners 2007 Contest Winners 2008 Contest Winners 2009-2010 Contest Winners 2010-2011 Contest Winners 2011-2012 Contest Winners Store & Services About Fine Art Prints Popular Fine Art Prints ARC Posters Books, Catalogs, and DVDs Catalogue Raisonne on William Bouguereau Gift Certificates ARC Image Usage Become an ARC Sponsor Painting Appraisal ﻿ We are no longer accepting entries Finalists will be announced hopefully by the end of March and Winners by the end of April. This will be our 10th annual competition in which some of the best contemporary realist artists in the world compete for recognition, cash prizes, and a chance to have their work seen by some of the more than 5,000,000 annual visitors to the ARC website. The yearly ARC Salon is reported on widely by the press and 7 major publications have agreed to write feature articles in upcoming issues. The publications mentioned above are as follows: Fine Art Connoisseur Magazine will be offering a special award as well as publishing an article on the top winners of the 2013/2014 Salon. In addition, Plein Air Magazine will be giving out a special award for the second year to the best Plein Air artist to be featured in their magazine. Also, for the firstyear ever, American Art Collector Magazine , Western Art Collector Magazine , American Fine Art Magazine , and International Artist Magazine will all be giving out awards as well.ARC Director of Operations, Kara Lysandra Ross, will write an article on the top winners for the Epoch Times , a large international newspaper that publishes in 19 languages. The Best in Show winner of the 2013/2014 ARC Salon competition, in addition to $8,000, will be awarded with a fully produced and released video DVD produced by Streamline Art Video showing a demonstration of their technique, an interview with the artist, and a profile of the artists work as a key featured part of a DVD on the ARC Salon. This year we areawarding minimum of$61,450 in cash awards,but with purchase awards its always far higher.Last years 17 ARC Purchase Awards sent the total soaring over $200,000. Art Renewal Center DVD Now Available Click here to order via ARC or by visiting Streamline Premium Art Video by clicking here . DVD includes: step by step painting demonstration, interview with the artist, exhibit of the artists paintings, interview with ARC Chairman Fred Ross, visit to the Fred Ross Collection, exhibit of all ARC 2012/2013 finalists, almost 5 hours of video on DVD. Masters of the American West The Masters of the American West show is an invitational show held every year at the Autry Museum in Los Angeles, CA. It is the 17th year for this Fine Art Exhibition and Sale. It features 82 of the very highest level of contemporary representational artists their paintings or sculptures. The show will be featuring works by ARC Living Masters™ John Buxton and Jeremy Lipking. Open now through March 16, 2014 The Autry in Griffith Park 4700 Western Heritage Way Los Angeles, CA 90027-1462 To view more on this and other exhibitions, click here . A Brief Delay At The Wall by John Buxton Posted February 25th, 2014 A Great Example of Art Speak Art Speak, A way by which complex sounding words and concepts are used to create the illusion of something being more then it is as a method to create value, meaning and importance that drastically outweighs what is actually there. Sothebys Contemporary Department said that Cy Twomblys epic 1964 canvas Untitled (Rome) is one of the highlights of our Contemporary Art Evening Auction on 12 February 2014. But what is even more amusing is the video created about the piece for the sale. If one looks at it objectively we can see that the painting really looks like the type of doodling that many peoples two year old children do. At one point the video flashes to a scribble with pencil and says it shows the artists growing confidence. Evidently there are many in the art world who think adults scribbling like children is something people should be willing to pay big bucks for. Although the piece does look like one a child would do, this doodle sold for 12,178,500 British pounds, over 20,000,000 US dollars. Click here to view this incredible example of art speak. Everything about it from the word choice to the British accent to the dramatic music oozes value, when really the work is nothing but scribbles. This concept was also explored in Frederick C. Rosss new speech, titled Why Realism? To read the speech, click here . Posted February 21st, 2014 The Academy of Realist Art, Boston Scholarship Competition The Academy of Realist Art, Boston announces its second annual scholarship competition for promising artists with a love for the academic style of painting and drawing. This ARC Approved Academy helps students master their fine art skills using a curriculum modeled on those used by the great 19th-century European ateliers and academies. Award-winning instructors at ARA Boston have varied educational backgrounds including study at ARA Toronto, Angel Academy of Art, Florence Academy of Art, Boston Museum School and the New York Academy of Art. These instructors are dedicated to providing every student with an individualized, rigorous educational experience. Portrait by Garrett Vitanza The scholarship award is for one year of full-time tuition, (September 2014-June 2015). Deadline for submission is March 15, 2014. For more information about the competition please visit http://academyofrealistartboston.com/scholarship-info/ . Posted February 20th, 2014 Why Realism? ARC has just published a speech titled Why Realism? given by ARC Chairman, Frederick C. Ross, on February 7, 2014 at the University of Connecticut. This was given as the Keynote Address to the Connecticut Society of Portrait Artists. Thinking about this theme, Ive concluded that nothing could be more appropriate than to ask and answer this question: Why Realism? There are finally today many organizations that believe in the value and importance of realism, both classical and contemporary; but why Realism ? Why, after a century of denigration, repression and near annihilation, when the accepted beliefs taught in nearly every high school, college and university for the last hundred years, has been that realism is unoriginal?… My answer is direct, simple and should be self-evident: The visual fine arts of drawing, painting and sculpture are best understood first last and always as a language; a visual language. It was developed and preserved first and foremost as a means of communication very much like spoken and written languages. And like language it is successful if communication takes place and it is unsuccessful if it does not. This answer simultaneously defines the term Fine Art. So fine art is a way that human beings can communicate . To read the full speech, click here . Posted February 18th, 2014 New ARC Letter Hello, I just wanted to say I greatly appreciate your creation of this extraordinary renaissance, revival and renewal of quality in the art world. I do not have the words to describe how exceptionally positive the Art Renewal Center and your vision is. You are providing not only hope and inspiration, but a quality future for generations to the world. Thanks for your time and best regardsyou are truly a blessing to the world, Hans To make a donation to the ARC Renewal Center, click here . ARC is a 501C3 Nonprofit Educational Foundation, donations are tax deductible to the fullest extent of the law. Posted February 13th, 2014 Would you like to Sponsor New Artists in the ARC Museum? Since we have limited staff and funding we can only add a certain number of images to the ARC Museum per year. If there is an artist that fits the ARC Philosophy that you would like to see added to the ARC website, we would be happy to consider them. If we agree that they should be added, for a donation of $500 you can sponsor the addition of their work to the ARC Museum. If there is an artist already on the ARC website that you would like additional images for or better quality images for posted, we are happy to accommodate this as well for a $500 donation. ARC is a 501C3 Nonprofit Educational Foundation, donations are tax deductible to the fullest extent of the law. Portrait of Mrs. Alex Puleston by John William Waterhouse Recently Added Posted February 12th, 2014 Two-Part Lecture Series Gary Christensen, author of Richard F. Lack Catalogue Raisonné, will present an illustrated lecture on the preliminary studies, drawings and sketches of Richard Lack, founder of The Atelier, formerly Atelier Lack and the Classical Realist Movement. The first lecture will present Lacks early drawings, student work, and works completed at the beginning of his career from 1940 to 1961. For the second lecture, Gary will present Lacks studies and their paintings as well as copies and other drawings from 1962 to 1993. Saturday, Feb. 15 Feb. 22, 10am noon $15 for one lecture or $25 for both lectures. Email mail@theatelier.org or call The Atelier at 612-362-8421 to reserve your seat. To view more on this and other events, click here . Posted February 11th, 2014 The Ani Art Academies Exhibition and Sale Heroes, Villains, Myths Legends This exhibit will be the second significant concentration of works in New York City from The Ani Art Academies instructors, current apprentices, alumni and associates. A broad theme was chosen to give each artist the freedom to express themselves through characters and individuals who inspire them. On view will be a variety of works celebrating The Lone Ranger, Wolverine, Atlas, Aphrodite, Mata Hari, Miss Havisham (from Great Expectations), Joan of Arc, Tron and many others; this will be an amazing exhibition and is one in which the quality of the works will shock you. Hi Yo Silver by Anthony Waichulis March 15 April 11, 2014 Rehs Contemporary Galleries, Inc. 5 East 57th Street, 8th Floor, New York NY 10022 To view more on this and other exhibitions, please click here . Posted February 10th, 2014 Grand Central Academy of Art Open House Treasure by Jacob Collins The Grand Central Academy of Art will be hosting its 2nd Annual Open House on Friday, February 21st from 6 8 p.m. Over 100 works by students and faculty will be on display. A selection of works will be for sale. RSVP to gca.leeanna@gmail.com . The Grand Central Academy is located 20 W 44th St, 6th floor, New York, NY, 10036. To read more on this and other exhibitions, click here . Posted February 6th, 2014 New Article William Bouguereaus “Virgin of the Lilies” versus “Madonna of the Roses” was recently published in the Epoch Times. La Vierge Aux Lys La Madone aux Roses Although William Bouguereau (1825–1905), painted the Madonna and Child several times throughout his career, there are two versions that draw an interesting comparison to one another as they are similar in many ways but hold interesting symbolic differences as well. The first is “La Vierge aux Lys” painted in 1899 and the second is “La Madone aux Roses,” in 1903. Both are three quarters length and show only the mother and child with no additional figures. To read the full article by Kara Lysandra Ross, click here . Posted February 3rd, 2014 New ARC Living Artist™ Carol Lee Thompson Carol Lee Thompson is a classical realist trained in the methods of the Old Masters. She is a full-time professional artist residing in her native Maryland but travels extensively to paint and further her education. Carol Lee paints a wide range of subject matter including figurative, landscape, equine and Western themes. She is featured in galleries throughout the country. Her work is part of many corporate and private collections including the Butler Institute of Art and Academy Art Museum in Easton, Maryland. Her art hangs in Baltimores City Hall, The Fort McHenry National Shrine, the U.S. State Department, and the Star Pass Resort in Arizona. Anxious by Carole Lee Thompson To view her new gallery on ARC, click here . Posted January 30th, 2014 The Art of the Self Portrait The Florence Academy of Art will be offering a special workshop focused on The artist in art, as art. Jack Rosenberg award-winning artist and guest instructor will be teaching two one-week sessions May 26- 30, and June 2 – 6, 2013. The course would be considered an advanced oil painting class. Surely one of the most personally challenging of painting genres as an artist painting oneself must interpret, judge and decide the setting, pose, mood, “beauty” and style; to depict themselves how they are or how they wish to be. It’s a great challenge and rewarding. The class will be taught with traditional sight-size methods. For more information and to register, click here . Posted January 28th, 2014 Face to Face: The Craniofacial Program Portrait Project The project is a partnership between ARC Approved™ Studio Incamminati, School for Contemporary Realist Art; The Craniofacial Program at The Childrens Hospital of Philadelphia, and the Edwin and Fannie Gray Center for Human Appearance at the University of Pennsylvania. The powerful artwork of Face to Face: The Craniofacial Program Portrait Project , uses the intimate process of portrait painting to help children deal with the psychosocial effects of craniofacial conditions. The exclusive exhibition will take please Feb. 4-15 at the Freeman’s Wayne gallery. An opening event 6 to 8 p.m., Feb. 4 offers opportunities to meet participating artists and the project’s lead psychologist, Dr. David Sarwer. by Joseph Dolderer To view more on this and other exhibitions, click here . Posted January 27th, 2014 ARC Chairman to Speak at Faces of Winter 2014 Loni by Nelson Shanks The Connecticut Society of Portrait Painters is presenting Faces of Winter”, their trademark biennial open juried exhibition featuring 70+ selected works on public view plus a 2-day portrait symposium that brings together outstanding faculty and portrait artists from around the country. The exhibition will run from February 6th through the 28th, 2013, with keynote speech by ARC Chairman, Frederick Ross, and will be honoring ARC Living Master™ Nelson Shanks. The speech by Frederick Ross will be given 1 – 1:45pm Friday, February 7 at the University of Connecticut, UConn Stamford One University Place, Stamford, CT. The theme of the symposium and the keynote speech will be Building on Classics. There will also be live demos by ARC Living Masters™ Igor Babailov and Max Ginsburg. For more information and to register, click here . Posted January 24th, 2014 Anders Zorn: Sweden Master Painter Open now through February 2, 2014 Featuring 100 rarely seen works drawn from public and private collections throughout Europe and the United States, this major retrospective promises to be a revelation for those yet to discover the vibrant artistic personality of Swedens master painter. Legion of Honor 100 34th Avenue, San Francisco, CA 94121 To view more on this and other exhibitions, click here . Self Portrait by Anders Zorn Posted January 23rd, 2014 Kara Lysandra Ross Interviewed by John Pototschnik Part II of a II part interview has just been published, click here to read the interview. Why, at this time in our history, is there a move away from non-objective art toward realism? There is a strong move towards realism because people are tired of looking at things that do not require skill. I am sure that in the beginning and even into the 1960s and 1970s, it was exciting to experiment by throwing paint or painting dots and squares, finding found objects and putting them on pedestals, but now, that type of art is just dated. It is not representative of the 21st century. I read an article not too long ago in Times Magazine that was an interview with Damien Hurst. He was talking about a series of paintings he was working on that was the largest collection of paintings of spots ever created. Furthermore he went on to say that he only painted a small portion of them and hired other people to paint the vast majority. When the reporter asked him who he found to help him with the work, he said he tried to find people with no artistic talent to show that anyone can produce this type of art. I could not help thinking, “Aren’t you embarrassed to say that you are selling paintings created by people who you admit yourself have no artistic talent?” So people can paint spots, so what. The only amazing thing about it is that people are still being duped into spending tens of thousands of dollars on things they can produce themselves in a couple hours. Posted January 22nd, 2014 New ARC Living Master™ Kailin Zhao Kailin Zhaos work has been shown in numerous solo and group exhibitions throughout Asia, Europe and the U.S and is part of notable public and private collections. His art works has been shown to Art News, Art Antiques, Asia Art and other media for years. Winner of a number of awards for his works, his realist oil paintings represent all walks of life. His work is widely loved and highly regarded by art collectors and connoisseurs. To view his new gallery on ARC, click here . . Rong by Kailin Zhao Posted January 21st, 2014 Trip to Rome with Igor Babailov Official Portrait of Pope Benedict XVI by Igor Babailov Igor Babailov, Hon. RAA and ARCs Living Master, will take the Extreme Drawing Team to Rome, Italy, March 31th April 4, 2014 for 5 days of intense drawing from life, en plein air, in the Eternal City This is an opportunity to team up with Igor Babailov, elected Academician of the Russian Academy of Arts (est.1757), who is known for his exquisite drawings and sketches from life, as well as those of the Pope, Nelson Mandela, and many other prominent individuals. The drawing trip will offer an exciting week in Rome Italy. Space is limited and team members will be selected on a first come first serve basis. For more information about the trip and to register online, please click here . Posted January 20th, 2014 Kara Lysandra Ross Interviewed by John Pototschnik Part I of a II part interview has just been published, click here to read the interview. How would you summarize the ARC philosophy? I would say that the main core of the ARC philosophy is that the definition of art has been over expanded to the point where the word has lost its integrity. When any object can be placed on a pedestal and called art, when anything is art, then nothing is art. Anytime you have a definition that expands to encompass everything, then it ceases to have meaning. An Offering by Frank Dicksee The ARC philosophy does its best to define what art is. There is of course a difference between craft, decorative art, fine art, and good and bad art, and places of grey where it is perhaps hard to draw the line. This of course makes some people angry. They tend to say things like who are you to say what is or is not art but if not us then who? We have stepped forward with scholars and experts, to try and bring respect back to the word and create a sensible type of definition, broad as it may be. Someone had to be the first to publicly state that the emperor has no cloths. Shark parts in formaldehyde are not art, they are at best an educational science tool; statues of the Virgin Mary made out of cow manure is not art, they are just disgusting; putting bags of trash in the center of a museum and calling it installation art, does not make it art, they are still bags of trash. It is like trying to call an apple an orange; just because you say it is, doesnt make it true. Art is an integral part of every culture, having the power to shape nations and civilizations; the word art is something that should be respected, not just given frivolously. We focus on realism because it is the universal language and the only form capable of expressing and communicating without words the depth of mankinds experiences. Posted January 14th, 2014 Dinotopia: The Fantastical Art of James Gurney Is open now through February 9, 2014 at The Arkell Museum 2 Erie Boulevard, Canajoharie, New York 13317 Dinosaur Parade by James Gurney Inspired by a deep and abiding interest in archaeology, lost civilizations, and the art of illustration, James Gurney invites viewers to enter a fantastical world in which dinosaurs and humans live side-by-side. His luminous paintings, beautifully crafted drawings and hand-made models, which are featured in this exhibition, explore the wonders of the distant past through the lens of the imagination. Gulliver and the Lilliputians by Jehan Vibert The exhibition also includes Jehan Georges Viberts painting of Gulliver and the Lilliputians which brought $1,497,000 at Sothebys in 2008 setting a record price for the artists work. For more information on this and other exhibitions, click here . Posted January 10th, 2014 Older Entries 2012/2013 ARC Salon View All the Winners PRE-ORDER YOUR 2012-13 ARC SALON CATALOG NOW The Catalog Raisonn and Biography on William Bouguereau 903 Pages Two-Volume Set VOL I and VOL II ORDER NOW JOIN ARC or MAKE A DONATION Fine Art Prints from ARC: by Pierre-Auguste Cot Ravissement de Psyche by William Adolphe Bouguereau Click Here to browse Art Renewal Centers ARC Store : Your source for books, DVDs, Fine Art Prints and ARC Masters books on art and technique. Click here to read the first chapter of Pictorial Composition by ARC Master Michael John Angel Director,Angel Academy of Art,Florence Read the Book Review by Sherry Ross Archives February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 Recent Additions New Articles Why Realism? William-Adolphe Bouguereau and the Craft of Picture-making Bouguereau's Legacy to the Student of Painting Bouguereau Revisited Paul DeLorenzo New Artists Carl Dobsky Jeff Nentrup Carol Lee Thompson Kailin Zhao Roger Dale Brown Sergio Roffo Victoria Radionova Julie Beck Garrett Vitanza Dario Campanile Samuel Colman Giacomo Grosso Emile Aubry Simeon Eugene Thivier Julie Bell Boris Vallejo Dmitry Sevryukov Ramon Hurtado Ruo Li Sharon Weaver Kate Savage Vadim Zanginian Danny Galieote David Gray New Artworks Ramon Hurtado : Figure Construction Carl Dobsky : Maggie Vadim Zanginian : MasterStudy (E.L. Vigee Le Brun) Joseph Todorovitch : Pastime Jeff Nentrup : No Name Face Bryan Larsen : Plink Bryan Larsen : Bring Your Kid to Work Day Bryan Larsen : Sense of Wonder Bryan Larsen : Please Remain Calm Bryan Larsen : Memory Bryan Larsen : Nocturne Bryan Larsen : Luminous Bryan Larsen : Let it Snow Jon Boe Paulsen : Dead Ringer John Pototschnik : The Hills are Alive John Pototschnik : Rural Life John Pototschnik : Off the Beaten Path John Pototschnik : Along the Highway John Pototschnik : Camden Harbor John Pototschnik : Road to Somewhere John Pototschnik : House in the Woods John Pototschnik : Best Friends Forever John Pototschnik : Sunset Over Monterey John Pototschnik : Sorrento Harbor John Pototschnik : New England Morning See More New Artworks New Artist Letters Eugene Lepoittevin Julius Olsson Julius Olsson Jean-Francis Auburtin Antoine Auguste Ernest Hebert Albert Pierre Rene Maignan Antoine Auguste Ernest Hebert Claude Andrew Calthrop Charles Francois Marchal Charles Francois Marchal New Artist Portraits Carol Lee Thompson Debra Keirce Kailin Zhao Victoria Radionova Dario Campanile William Holman Hunt William Morris Giacomo Grosso Giacomo Grosso Maria Konstantinowna Bashkirtseff New ARChive Postings Response to "Nudity in Art: A Virtue of Vice?" Show Invitation Letter from john Angel Art School Anecdote BRILLIANT! Hard Times Speech Comment from Scholarship Student Painting Identification Contest Music Renewal? Thomas Eakins Taking up the Net 1881 Watercolor on paper Metropolitan Museum of Art (Manhattan, New York, United States) Please Log In to View Masaccio The Baptism of the Neophytes 1426-1427 Fresco 255 x 162 cm (100.39" x 63.78") Cappella Brancacci Museum (Italy) Please Log In to View John Atkinson Grimshaw Blackman Street, London 1885 Oil on canvas 76.5 x 63.8 cm (30.12" x 25.12") Private collection [ HI-RES Version ] Please Log In to View Arnold Bocklin Pan im Schilf -1858 Oil on canvas 199.7 x 152.7 cm (78.62" x 60.12") Neue Pinakothek (Munich, Germany) ARC Associate Living Master Dario Campanile Mutual Attraction -2012 Oil on Canvas 45.72 x 55.88 cm (18" x 22") Private collection [ HI-RES Version ] Friedrich Bamberger Blick Uber Die Sierra Nevada 1870 Oil on canvas 37 x 68 cm (14.57" x 26.77") Private collection Gari Melchers Motherhood 1895 Oil on canvas Private collection Charles Theodore Frere An Arab Encampment Oil on canvas 73.6 x 92 cm (28.98" x 36.22") Private collection Frederic Remington The Outlaw 1922 Bronze Private collection Gustave Courbet Shelter of the Roe Deer at the Stream of PlaisirFontaine, Doubs 1866 Oil on canvas Musee dOrsay (Paris, France) Home skip to main content site map home about color resources contact Color Worqx Color Theory Overview Color Basics Color Systems Color Wheel Complementary Colors After Images Color Combinations Color Contrast Itten's Contrasts Proportion Intensity Contrast Dominance Shades Tints Color Studies Palette Picker Color Theory: Overview Why study color theory? If you are involved in the creation or design of visual documents, an understanding of color will help when incorporating it into your own designs. Choices regarding color often seem rather mystical, as many seem to base decisions on nothing other than "it looks right." Although often told I had an eye for color, the reason why some colors worked together while others did not always intrigued me and I found the study of color theory fascinating. While attending the University of Minnesota I enrolled in almost every course I could from different departments: graphic design, interior design, and fine arts. During my studies, I learned that there were 2 main reasons why scholars investigated colorthe first involved the communication of colors; the other involved the application of color. Communicating Color What is red? Candy apple red, blood red, catsup red, rose red... to try and communicate a specific hue is difficult without some sort of coding system. Early in the 1900's, Albert Munsell, a professor at an art school in Boston developed a color system which offered a means to name colors. With a published system, people could be specific about which red they were referring. Munsell's system has been reworked for today's use with the Pantone color system, TRUEMATCH, CIE systems and others. HTML Red Pantone Red Pantone Warm Red TRUEMATCH 6-a Color Application With respect to the arts, color was part of the realistic, visual representation of form, but one group of painters abandoned the traditional practices regarding color in painting. This group of artists were influenced by Cezanne, Van Gogh, and Gauguin. Led by Henri Matisse, they were known as the Fauves, or "the wild beasts." Their exuberant use of brilliant hues seem to disregard imitative color 1 . Whereas other artists had used color as the description of an object, the Fauves let color become the subject of their painting. A painting in the "Fauvist Manner" was one that related color shapes; rather than unifying a design with line, compositions sought an expressiveness within the relationships of the whole. This turn from tradition brought an integrity to color in that color was regarded on its own merit. The next several pages of this site offer a tutorial regarding color theory. After reviewing the information, I hope you will see that the successful use of color is not at all mystical, and that by understanding a few things about color, it is possible to incorporate into your designs with a confidence based on tested concepts and methods. To begin the tutorial, view: Color Basics Review resources learn more about color: resources and bibliography To make comments or ask questions: contact worqx 1 The Minneapolis Institute of Arts, Matisse, Minneapolis, Minneapolis Institute of Arts, 1994. "The purest and most thoughtful minds are those which love color the most." John Ruskin Related Interests Read more about the Fauves at the National Gallery of Art Recommended Books Interaction of Color Understanding Color: An Introduction for Designers Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License The Elements of Art Everything Observable Definition of the Term Philosophical and Aesthetic Art Philosophy vs. Aesthetics What to Draw or Paint Composition Parallels & Perpendiculars Swing Lines Pointers Interlock Interest Statistical Distribution and Balance Temporal and Physical Extension Controlling the viewer - Realism vs Impressionism Odd Effects, Window Paintings, Abstract Folly The Abstract Art of Leonardo, Michelangelo, Raphael A Real Laugher The Future of Art The #2 Lead Pencil Last Supper Restoration Photographic Art Oil Painting The Best Works on Earth Tapies Ebtx Home Page Leaning Post Productions Leaning Post Productions Art Studio | About Colin | About Laurie | Contact Us Leaning Post Productions is a partnership which formed in 1995. Colin is an artist and Laurie's latest project is the computer and iPad app . To learn more about Colin's long career, please vistit colingreenly.com . To learn more about ArtSite, please visit artsitenet.com . Colin Greenly Colin Greenly, 60 Years of Seeing At the Mindy Ross Gallery, in Kaplan Hall on the SUNY Orange campus in Newburgh. Located at the corner of 1st and Grand Streets, in Newburgh, NY. Gallery hours: 9:00 am to 4:00 pm, Monday through Friday. ArtSite combines a teaching Museum with a student Gallery and Portfolio to inspire curiosity, creativity, and a global view of history and civilization. Log in from your desktop computer, laptop, tablet, or iPad. Students only see the pages created by their own teacher and classmates. • ArtSite starts off with over 200 Museum pages organized in 12 collections. Teachers can create an unlimited number of Museum pages filled with free images and descriptions downloaded from museum websites, organized by any number of Art collections. Add project suggestions to inspire students. • In the Gallery, students become curators of your own art collections. They explore the ArtSite Museum, choose a work of art, and then write their own description or they can create Gallery pages beginning with a new work of art. • With the ArtBlog, both teacher and students can leave comments on Gallery and Portfolio pages, forming an exchange of ideas. Teachers approve all comments before they are made public and can turn the blog on or off for each class. • In the Portfolio, students display their studio art and writing. Students can upload thier own art images or teachers can start pages for them. Students can link their Portfolios from previous years and different classes. • Share worldwide art with ArtSearch. Teachers can add any number of links to web sites and videos organized by their own search titles. Teachers can also delete or change the included search titles and weblinks. For more information as well as screenshots, how-to movies, the Teacher's Guide, and an informative blog , please go to artsitenet.com . Copyright © Leaning Post Productions~ All rights reserved. Skip to Content Your browser does not support JavaScript! Blackboard | Calendar | Contact Us Web Email | Site Map Staff Instruction Parents/ News Home Administration Community Finance Human Resources Schools School Board Special Ed 5937 Cove Road Quick Reference Quick Reference Quick Reference Select One: ----------------------- Bus Routes C/T SOL Calendar Comprehensive Plan Construction Bids Directions Employment Fast Facts Internet Safety Instant Alert Info Make-up Schedule Map - Schools PTA/PTO RCS Credit Union Registration Information Resident Policy Prevention Council RVTV School Information Student Adv. Council Summer School Transcript Request Web Email Wellness Resources Departments Departments Select One: Art Budget/Finance Career/Technical Construction Counseling Education Foundation English Gifted Health Services Health/PE Human Resources Instruction Math Media Services Music Nutrition Services Parent Resource Center Pre-School Psychologists Services Pupil Personnel Science Social Studies Special Ed Standards of Learning Student Advisory Council Student Assistance Technology Transportation Virtual High School World Languages Schools Schools Select One: -------------------- All Schools List -------------------- Burton Ctr. (BCAT) Cave Spring High Glenvar High Hidden Valley High Northside High William Byrd High -------------------- Cave Spring Middle Glenvar Middle Hidden Valley Middle Northside Middle William Byrd Middle -------------------- Back Creek Elem Bonsack Elem Burlington Elem Cave Spring Elem Clearbrook Elem Fort Lewis Elem Glen Cove Elem Glenvar Elem Green Valley Elem Herman L Horn Elem Masons Cove Elem Mt Pleasant Elem Mtn View Elem Oak Grove Elem Penn Forest Elem W E Cundiff Elem -------------------- AccessibilityDisclaimer Contact Webmaster 2014 RCPS Art Department Richard Moon rmoon@rcs.k12.va.us Roanoke County Public Schools supports a strong visual arts program with a staff of licensed art teachers. The curriculum for art instruction is based upon the Virginia Visual Arts Standards of Learning. Gifted Art program may register for enrichment after school and summer programs in third through eighth grades. Center for Visual Arts and Museum Studies , a four-year program for ninth through twelfth graders at the Burton Center for Arts Technology. Department Links Art Home Page Art Curriculum Art Specialty Center at BCAT Art Teachers Gifted Art Program Overview Gifted Art Afterschool Program Gifted Art Screening Academics Admissions Campus Life Giving About Columbia Info For Students Alumni Faculty Staff Parents Quick Links Directory Campus Map Library Careers LoopMail Oasis Moodle Interactive Arts & Media For and About Students: Advising Core Classes Course Descriptions Dept and Class Blogs DreamSpark(MSDNAA) Email Lists Find a Tutor Find your Advisor IAM Copyright Policy IAM Grade and Attendance Policy IAM Transfer Student Internships Learning Outcomes Partners Student Web Space Tutorials Video Tutorials WIKI Support Currently Working FAQs Faculty Resources Find a Tutor Rate a Worker Trouble Report Work Request Worker Schedules Classrooms IAM Map Contact Phonebook Suggestions About The department Home IAM Home IAM Department site The Interactive Arts and Media Department is home to the , the Game Design Major Web Development Minor 36-1300 Digital Image Design 36-2350 2D Art for Games 36-3301 3D Composition for Interactive Media I See All Work Load More Tweets by @IAMColumbia Internships at Jellyvision Various Things Live Paid Student Position/Internship Help with Web Design (Internship or Volunteer) at Association House More News #iamcolumbia 600 S. Michigan Avenue Contact Us Directory Campus Map Information For Prospective Students Current Students Parents Alumni Faculty Staff Related Links Overview Programs of Study Courses Faculty Success Stories Student Work News and Events Contact Us For Current Students 2012 Columbia College Chicago. The Contemporary Artists Center, Woodside is a multi-purpose art organization originally founded in Massachusetts, and now operating in Troy, NY. For the last 20 years the CAC has presented and procured artists who want to produce, explore, test new concepts and expand the current debates and ideas in today’s art and culture. Through its artists' residencies, art studios, workshops, lectures, innovative exhibitions and performances the CAC has fostered the creation and appreciation of insightful and engaging contemporary art. THANK YOU TO EVERYONE WHO SUPPPORTED OUR GRAND OPENING 2014 Follow the progress on our Tumblr Journal! September: More info on Rest Fest and to buy tickets: here Events Updates (exhibitions, open studios, performances updates) Artist (calls for work, artist residencies, studios, other opportunities) Both ...or join us on facebook for the latest news, events, and photos. :RESTORATION FESTIVAL: Sept 6-7th, 2013 Gallery information 19th 20th century Rehs Contemporary 5 East 57th Street, 8th floor, New York, NY 10022 T: 212 355 5710 F: 212 355 5742 Inventory Recent Acquisitions Browse by Artist Browse all Inventory Browse by Subject, Nationality, Period or Movement Keyword/Search Search by Size Books Expertise Catalog Raisonnes Antoine Blanchard Julien Dupre Daniel Ridgway Knight Emile Munier Authentication Services Appraisal Services General FAQS Artists News Blog Comments on the Art Market Press Exhibitions Virtual Upcoming About Us Contact Us COMMENTS ON THE ART MARKET Howard L. Rehs PDF Version February 1, 2014 Volume 158 AOL Email Issues ____________________ Florida Shows Warm weather is in sight as we leave frosty New York City for sundrenched Naples and West Palm Beach, Florida this month! Almost 100 works will be set up first at the Naples Art, Antique Jewelry Show opening Friday, February 7th and running through Monday, February 10th located at 201 Goodlette-Frank Road South. Upon closing, the works (hopefully a few less then we came with) will be repacked and sent east to the Palm Beach Jewelry, Art Antique show where we set-up for our third show of the new year! The Palm Beach show runs from Saturday, February 15th through Tuesday, February 18th at the Palm Beach Convention Center. We hope to see many of you there and if you havent already had chance to print out complimentary tickets to the show(s) please use the links in the Upcoming Shows section. ____________________ Stocks Holy Moly what is happening? Things were going along so well through the end of December wonder if those Wall Street guys got all their bonuses and then took a long holiday; leaving the market to us amateurs!!! As for the status of my investments well, here are my favorites (all down from the end of last month): JP Morgan ($56), Emerson ($66.58), Exxon ($93.99), GE ($25.5), Berkshire B ($113), ATT ($33.35 retraced all the upside from 2013), VOD ($37.23), Verizon ($47.63), Wal-Mart ($74.75), Coke ($38.17) and DuPont ($61.54). I do not like this trend. Book a flight to NYC in March and you will be in for a MARVEL-ous experience! by: Alyssa Now that I have introduced the show, I will give you a little insight on what has been going on in the gallery since this project began. About two weeks after the closing of The Big Gamble we were all throwing out ideas for the 2014 showof course, my dad and his GREEN Camaro obsession (R.I.P Hurricane Sandy took that one as I am sure he has spoken about in the past) led him towards cinema Transformers, to be exact you remember Bumblebee (the yellow Camaro --- my father loves that character). But, a show of robotic-car-alien-mishmash? Well, we werent sure how it would go over with the general public; so we dug a bit deeper. The Transformer movies are about Heroes and Villains, a common theme for many of the chart topping movies. Immediately Spiderman, Batman, the Joker and Freddy Kruger came to mind well, my opinion was that would create a show generated more towards the guys, and I knew we needed to bring in an element of femininity and beauty, right? Light bulbs go off Myths and Legends! Aphrodite, Joan of Arc, etc. Yes, that was it now all we needed was the talent and imagination of the Ani artists when we told them about our idea, they jumped on it. Within days we were receiving emails with ideas and themes for the works, the Ani artists were super excited. It is now almost a year later and their works are beginning to filter in and from what we have seen so far, this will be an awesome exhibit. I should add that it is an amazing experience to watch these young artists as they progress through the Ani Art Academies 3 year curriculum ... and watching them move from charcoal drawings to oil painting is really impressive they all make it look so easy! Heroes, Villains, Myths, Legends opens at the gallery and on our web site on Saturday, March 15th, at 11 am and will run through April 11. We do hope you will have an opportunity to stop by and see the exhibit. Really!? by: Amy A rare 1913 Liberty Head nickel, one of only five ever made, is to be auctioned at a coin show held at the Ilikai Hotel. European master criminal Eric Damien gets con artist and sleight-of-hand expert, Arnie Price, freed from jail so that he can switch a cleverly-made fake with the original before the auction. But things do not go as planned; as Price, fearing capture, tries to dispose of the nickel in a news rack, and the chase is on to recover the nickel before anyone else finds it. Doesnt the above scenario sound like a great idea for the plot of a TV drama series? Well, it was! Back in 1973, that was the plot for an episode of Hawaii Five-Oand the story behind the real 1913 Liberty Head Nickels, one of which is now often referred to as the Hawaii Five-O specimen (aka the Olsen specimen), sounds almost as fictitious as the TV plot. So the story goes.in 1913, the unpopular Liberty Nickel, which had been in use since 1883, was to be replaced by the Buffalo Nickel. Originally the Mint had planned to produce Liberty Nickels in early 1913 at both the Philadelphia and San Francisco Mints; however, this never occurred and only Buffalo Nickels were produced that year. Yet, mysteriously there are five 1913 Liberty Nickels known to exist. Public knowledge of their existence did not surface until 7 years later. In December 1919 an advertisement by Samuel W. Brown appeared, offering to buy any 1913 Liberty Nickel. Amazingly, in 1920 the same Samuel Brown exhibited five 1913 Liberty Nickels. Wow! He placed an ad and miraculously he was able to buy 5 coins the only ones ever to be found! So, we do know that Brown had been employed at the Philadelphia Mint from 1903 to 1913, and therefore must have been present when the coins were struck. Nobody knows how he got them did he really buy them? Did he strike them himself? These are questions that will probably never be answered. The five coins, as a group, passed through the hands of many collectors including: Stephen K. Nagy, Wayte Raymond, Col. Green and Eric Newman. The latter, whose formidable collection is currently being sold (I wrote about some of the record prices for part of his coin collection in the December newsletter), was the last person (and in fact the only person alive today at age 102) to have owned all five 1913 Liberty Nickels at the same time. Today, two are in museums and three are in private collections. The Hawaii Five-O specimen changed hands many time and in 1972 it was sold to World Wide Coin Investments for $100,000, thus inspiring its title appearance in Hawaii Five-O the following year. Its price doubled to $200,000 when it was resold to Superior Galleries in 1978. Since then it has been resold on several occasions fetching $3,000,000 in June 2004 and $3,737,500 in 2010. Well, a few weeks ago it sold once more this time for $3,290,000 sadly the seller took a really big hit! Since we are on a money theme, here is another coin that became the center of a plot for a book and later a movie. A fictitious theft of the legendary Brasher Doubloon was the subject of a Raymond Chandler novel ( The High Window ), later made into a movie The Brasher Doubloon starring George Montgomery by 20 th Century Fox in 1946. Who knew coins were so inspirational?? The historical significance of the Brasher Doubloon cannot be overstated. It is the first American gold coin made in the New World although no one knows exactly why the coin was actually produced. H istorically, English and Spanish coins were the primary circulating coinage in the new world. A shopkeeper in colonial America would have a scale on his counter to weigh the various foreign coinage presented for payment to determine its exchange value for the stores goods. Ephraim Brasher, a respected gold and silversmith, designed the doubloon (incidentally, Brasher lived the next door to George Washington at the first White House, 3 Cherry Street in New York City. Brasher made the first silverware for the White House, some of which is in the permanent collection there). The coin was aesthetically pleasing and patriotic. Its motto, NOVA EBORACA COLUMBIA EXCELSIOR, translates to New York and America, ever upward, reflecting loyalty to both his state and the new nation. The reverse includes many of the elements incorporated into the seal of the United States in 1782 and later used on federal coinage. The eagles breast is covered by a shield with stripes representing the 13 states. Its left talon holds arrows, the symbol of preparedness for war, and its right, an olive branch, symbolizing peace. The motto, UNUM E PLURIBUS appears in the seal and many regular issue coins as E PLURIBUS UNUM. This translates to One out of many. The gold doubloon contains 26.66 grams of gold - slightly less than an ounce - and was worth $16 at the time. If you had one today and decided to sell it purely for its gold value, you could get somewhere around $1000. The doubloon was last sold in 1979 for $430,000. And at a recent auction it sold for $4,582,500.00!! I know that sounds really impressive, but I must add that one sold back in 2011 for $7.4M!!! This next coin didnt inspire much, but it is quite a lovely piece an 1880 Coiled Hair Stella. This example, one of the very finest known, brought an astonishing $2,574,000 (more than doubling the presale estimate). Making this Stella one of the ten most expensive US coins ever sold at auction. The coin, known to collectors as one of the white whales is six grams of pure gold and was never released in circulation. It was designed by famed United States Mint engraver George T. Morgan when there was a push in the United States for its own international coinage to enable easier trade with Europe. Congress rejected the initiative; but not before a handful were produced. The precise number minted is unknown, but it is widely believed that no more than 10 to 15 exist. This particular coin is considered to be the finest certified piece ever auctioned. Really! And lets not forget about the good old paper moneythe rarest and possibly the most famous of all US currency notes is the 1890 $1,000 Treasury Note, better known as the Grand Watermelon. The descriptive nickname was given to this note because of the way the zeroes in 1000 are shaped. They are fat and oblong, and look something like watermelons. Many different kinds of $1,000 bills were printed since the first ones of 1862, but none are as colorful and sought-after as this one. Few people have seen any $1,000 bills in recent years. While they are still legal tender, so many were being used in illegal dealings, a decision was made to stop printing any bills over the $100 denomination. Furthermore, if any $500, $1,000 or $10,000 bill is turned in to a bank today it is sent to Washington for redemption and destruction. The government estimates that fewer than 6 still exist today. This note is an icon of American financial history, and easily surpassed its estimate of $2 million. The last time this note was offered at auction was in 1970, when it brought $11,000. It became one of the most valuable pieces of currency in the world when it was sold for $3.29 million, including buyers premium. After these results, make sure you check your loose change before tossing it into your coin jars. ____________________ The Art Market January has, as usual, been a very slow month in the art world and this year the weather made it even slower when will the snow stop!? Since nothing much has happened in our area (well, there was one sale in London which Lance will cover shortly) I thought it might be interesting to list, in no specific order, some of the factors you should consider when buying a work of art (this will be a quick summary). 1. Authenticity you always want to be sure that the work you are buying is by the artist in question. Make sure that the seller guarantees the work in writing and has checked its authenticity with the expert ... if there is one or has confirmed it is listed in the catalogue raisonne. 2. Quality I know every seller will tell you that the piece they are offering is a high quality work; but as we all know that is not always the case. Be sure the seller has in-depth knowledge about the artists complete oeuvre and really knows the good works from the poor ones. I would also advise that you to have an overview of the artists work. 3. Provenance as I have stated before, every work of art has a provenance; but the provenance of a work might not be known. Over the year, certain paintings went in and out of favor and during the out of favor years, they may have traded for very little and nobody really cared who owned it; this will leave large gaps in the provenance. This isnt a very serious issue for most works of art; but it never hurts to ask for any provenance that might be available. 4. Condition ask the seller about the condition of the work. Many works of art, like cars and other collectables, have had some level of restoration or conservation. The real question is how much and does it impact the works value. 5. Size the first part of this is to know how the size of the work affects its value and then will the work fit in the space you have? I do find this to be a rather interesting factor since some galleries will offer their works with the overall size (which includes the frame) and this will make it impossible for the buyer to establish if the work is fairly priced. Now, of course you need to know the overall size in order to determine if it will fit in the space you have. Make sure you get both the canvas size and the overall size this will resolve any issues. 6. Style Subject Matter every artist goes through different periods and phases. You should have an understanding of the changes the artist went through both stylistically and in terms of subject matter. Different periods and subjects will have different values. 7. What You Like this is the most important part of the hunt you need to buy works that you like and want to live with. Since art became more of an investment vehicle, we are meeting people who want to buy something just for the investment potential (some are even happy to leave the works boxed up and wait a number of years before reselling it). Why? The whole point of owning a work of art is because it brings you enjoyment not to mention it fills up some large empty spaces in your home. Let me say this if the person you bought a work from really knew that it would be worth considerably more in a year, are they going to sell it to you now or wait the year? Any good dealer can give you an overview of how the general market (or specific artists market) has done over the years; but there is no way they can truly guarantee that a work is going to be more valuable in the future. In the end, you need to be sure that the people you are buying from really know what they are doing especially if you are trading in the upper levels of the art market. We would all love to be sure that the works of art we buy today will be worth considerably more in the future; but nobody can really tell the future. History has shown that if you buy good works, odds are they will do well over the long run. I personally remember when I first came into the business that paintings by Ridgway Knight Dupre could be had for $10-$15,000, Elsley Dawson were in the $15-$30,000 range and the list goes on. Today, good quality works by these artists will run into the 6 figures. If you buy the right works, with the right subject matter, from the right periods and they are in good condition, history has shown that they should be worth more in the years to come but the most important part is that you receive years of enjoyment from them. Now on to the warm-up sale. London 19 th Century By: Lance With a number of strong sales in 2013, Bonhams looked to continue that trend with their 19 th Century sale early in the New Year unfortunately, it is not that easy. With a large mix of mid-level European, Victorian and British Impressionist art, it is understandable that the results were not grabbing any headlines; there were no blockbusters to be found here. Leading the way, by a longshot, was The Fair by Sir Alfred James Munnings selling for 182,500 ($303K) on an estimate of 150-250K ($250-410K). The work was exhibited at the Royal Scottish Academy in 1916 and originally purchased from the artist for a mere 35! Falling in second was a work titled The Mountain Patrol by one of the most popular Polish artists of the Munich School, Alfred Von Wierusz-Kowalski, achieving 98,500 ($163K) on a 40-60K estimate ($66-98K). The biggest surprise of the afternoon was the work taking third, Quinterelle II by Sir William Russell Flint. With a fairly low estimate of 15-20,000 ($25-33K), the work sold for 285% over the estimate at 76,900 ($127K). Other well performing lots included an unframed Jules Breton which sold for 221% above the estimate and a small Ronner-Knip whose selling price was 181% above the estimate. Conversely, a very dark Grimshaw failed to find a buyer carrying a 150-200K estimate ($250-300K) along with a number of works by Italian artist Vittorio Reggianini. In the end, 91 lots sold of the 142 offered (64%) and most were within or above their estimate range (44 in the range, 41 above and 6 below). That being said, the sale totaled just over 1.9 million ($3.2 M), including the buyers premium, which landed just short of the presale estimates low end (2-2.9M / $3.3-4.9 M). Rehs Galleries, Inc., New York February 2013 Gallery Updates: During the month of February we will be exhibiting at the Naples and Palm Beach shows. Hope to see some of you there. Web Site Updates: A number of works have passed through the gallery this month. Included were paintings by Julien Dupre, Johan Jongkind, Antoine Blanchard, Gregory F. Harris, Justin Wood, Jay Davenport and Helen Crispino. We have also added a number of new pieces to the site. Next Month: The sales are starting! Share | SUBSCRIBE To subscribe to our monthly Comments On The Art Market newsletter, click here . ARCHIVES February 1, 2014 - Volume 158 Email Issues / Shows / HVML / Really!? / Stocks / The Art Market January 1, 2014 - Volume 157 Past Year / Printed Version / Stocks / Dark Side / Really / The Art Market December 1, 2013 - Volume 156 Amazon / Stocks / Really!? / The New York Art Market - November Sales November 1, 2013 - Volume 155 Dallas / Banksy / Stocks / Really / The Art Market (China, American & 19th C.) October 1, 2013 - Volume 154 2 Upcoming Shows / Brandon Drake / Stocks / Really? / The Art Market September 1, 2013 - Volume 153 Shows / David Palumbo / Stocks / The Dark Side / Really / The Art Market August 1, 2013 - Volume 152 Shows / Julie Bell / Really / Stocks / Tales from the Dark Side / The Art Market July 1, 2013 - Volume 151 Newport / Another Gallery Show / Really? / Stocks / The London Sales June 1, 2013 - Volume 150 Aston Knight / Gallery Shows / 4th Generation / Really!? / Stocks / Art Market May 2, 2013 - Volume 149 Museum Show / Our Future / Stocks / 4th Generation / Really? / Art Market April 2013 - Volume 148 Upcoming Shows / 4th Generation / Really / Site Features / Stock / Art Market March 2013 - Volume 147 Shows / Amazing News / 4th Generation / Really / Stocks / The Art Market Feb 2013 - Volume 146 Naples Art Show /The Big Gamble, 4th Generation / Website update January 2013 - Volume 145 Gallery News / Upcoming Shows / Stocks / Really! / The Art Market (American & European) December 2012 - Volume 144 Sandy / Brian O'Neill / Stocks / The Big Gamble / The Art Market November 2012 - Volume 143 Sandy / Erik Koeppel / Dallas / Corot in Cali / Stocks / The Big Gamble / The Art Market October 2012 - Volume 142 Dallas / The Big Gamble / Stocks / Tales from the ... / The Art Market: London & NYC August 2012 - Volume 141 Crime Inc. The Art of the Theft / Shows / Stocks / The Big Gamble / Rico / Tales from the ... Dark, Bright and Sad Side July 2012 - Volume 140 Baltimore / The Big Gamble / CNBC / Stocks / Tales from the Dark Side / The Art Market June 2012 - Volume 139 Stocks / The Art Market Continues (Like the Energizer Bunny) - Victorian, 19th C., Impressionist ... May 2012 - Volume 138 Stocks / The Art Market: Impressionist, Modern, 19th Century, Contemporary & American / Final Thoughts May 2012 - Volume 137 New York & Baltimore Shows / Stocks / The Dark Side / The 19th Century (Where Have All the Paintings Gone?) April 2012 - Volume 136 Shows / Stocks / Follow-Up: Vetting Article / Dark Side / More: Comments Better Left Unsaid / General Market Updates March 2012 - Volume 135 A Vetting (Or Should I Say Vexing) Problem / Stocks / The Art Markets: Impressionist-Modern & Post War-Contemporary February 2012 - Volume 134 The Show Circuit / Stocks / New & Exciting (Jahn, Combes & Bauer) / The Season is Starting January 2012 - Volume 133 Holiday Wishes / LA Art Show / Stocks / Tales from the Dark Side / General Markets / The Art Market December 2011 - Volume 132 Web Site Update / Stocks / The Sales: Impressionist / Modern / Contemporary / 19th century November 2011 - Volume 131 Dallas / Stocks / 19th Century Market / Tales from the Dark Side / Spanning the Markets October 2011 - Volume 130 Dallas / Lighten Up / Stocks / Tales from the Dark Side / The American Sales September 2011 - Volume 129 All Our Best / Stocks / Trusting the Seller / The Purloined Cortes August 2011 - Volume 128 Baltimore / Stocks / Tales from the Dark Side / Spanning the Globe / Art Market / The Rich & Famous July 2011 - Volume 127 Baltimore / Stocks / Tales From the Dark Side / The Art Market (Europe) June 2011 - Volume 126 Number 1 / Stocks / Market Support / May Festivites: Impressionist, Modern, Contemporary & American Sales May 2011 - Volume 125A An Early Report - The 19th Century Sale or "Watch Me Pull A Rabbit Out Of My Hat!" May 2011 - Volume 125 Shows / Stocks & More / Tales From the Dark Side / Art Market Pre-Gaming / The Upcoming Sales April 2011 - Volume 124 You Heard it Here / Upcoming Show / The World & The Stock Market / The Art Market / More Tales from the Dark Side March 2011 - Volume 123 Recent Shows / Stocks / When a Loss is Really a Profit / The Dark Side / London's February Sales February 2011 - Volume 122 Upcoming Shows / You Heard it Here First / Stocks / More Comments / Other Market Updates / Old Master & 19th C. (N.Y.) January 2011 - Volume 121 The New Year / LA Art Show / Stocks / Sales - American, Old Master, 19th C., Antiquities & Victorian / Other Highlights December 2010 - Volume 120 Happy Holidays / The Stock Market / The Art Market: Impressionist, Modern, 19th Century, Contemporary November 2010 - Volume 119 When Is a Penny Worth More Than a Penny? / Stock Market / CHINA – Coming on Strong / Art Market – Still Warming Up October 2010 - Volume 118 More Show NOTS! / Stocks & the Economy / Even More Tales from the Dark Side / The Art & Antique Markets September 2010 - Volume 117 Baltimore Show / Stocks / Tales From the Dark Side / Spanning the Globe: Doll & Toys; Guns, Swords, Flags and More... August 2010 - Volume 116 An Upcoming Show: Baltimore / General Thoughts on the Art Market / Stock Market / The Art Market: Old Master, 19th c... July 2012 - Volume 115 The Stock Market / Europe / The Art Market June 2010 - Volume 114 Additional Comments Better Left Unsaid / Stock Market / The Art Market: Impressionist, Modern, Contemporary & American May 2010 - Volume 113 Ugo Giannini Exhibition / The Stock Market / The Art Market (Hong Kong & 19th Century) / Tales From the Dark Side April 2010 - Volume 112 OK – I Just Could Not Resist: A Chicago Show / Stock Market / A Few of My Favorite Comments – NOT! / The Art Market March 2010 - Volume 111 Ugo Giannini News / The Stock Market / A Few Other Interesting Results / The Art Market – Fueling Up Again February 2010 - Volume 110 Kennth Noland / Stock Market / Tales from the Dark Side / Spanning the Globe / The Art Market January 2010 - Volume 109 Holiday Wishes / My Observations on the Stock Market / The Art Market Continues to Breathe (American & Old Master) December 2009 - Volume 108 General Financial Market Comments / The Art Market ... It's ALIVE / Tales from the Dark Side / December Offerings November 2009 - Volume 107 Dallas / Edouard Cortès Catalogue Raisonné / Bolotowskys Will Hit the Road / Stock Market / The Art Season Has Started October 2009 - Volume 106 News from FADA / Gallery Night on 57th Street / The Stock Market / Recent Discoveries / More from the Dark Side ... September 2009 - Volume 105 Thoughts on Stocks / General Market Comments (Time is Money, Money Begets Money, ...) / Tales from the Dark Side August 2009 - Volume 104 New Articles / Stock Market Comments / The Art Market: Results from Abroad / Some Final Thoughts July 2009 - Volume 103 Some Gallery PR / Stock Market / Tracking Provenance – Due Diligence / Art Market Updates: 19th C. & Old Masters June 2009 - Volume 102 Stepping Down / Our Every Gyrating Stock Market / The Art Market: Impressionist, Contemporary & American May 2009 - Volume 101 The International Fine Art Fair / Dirty Rotten Scoundrels / IRS Art Panel Meeting / The 19th Century Sale in New York April 2009 - Volume 100 The YSL, Versace and Sackler Sales / Doha Sale - Orientalism / Auction Room Insurance Fees / The Washington, D.C. Show March 2009 - Volume 99 One Reader Was Paying Attention / Stock Market Comments / Auction House Stories / Madoff / Collectors / Observations February 2009 - Volume 98 Ringing in the New Year! / Personal PR / Questions from a Reader – “A Very Small Collector” / Pink Floyd and Madoff January 2009 - Volume 97 The Markets Continued (Marine, Sporting, American, etc.) / Art Market Results: Digging Deeper / Final Thoughts December 2008 - Volume 96 Our Newsletters / The Art & Stock Markets Continued: The 19th Century - The Impressionists & Modern - The Contemporary November 2008 - Volume 95 Gallery Renovation Update / IRS Art Advisory Panel Follow-up / Stock & Art Market Comments / Art Market Update October 2008 - Volume 94 The Renovations / The Internal Revenue Service’s Art Advisory Panel / AmericanWay Magazine / Art Market Update September 2008 - Volume 93 Update: Better Late Than Never – O’Keeffe Suit Resolved / What I Did On My Summer Vacation / The Fall Art Market August 2008 - Volume 92 Rehs Galleries News / The Art Market Continued July 2008 - Volume 91 Rehs Galleries is Closing – WHAT!? / The May Market Continued / The General Market June 2008 - Volume 90 The Sites of Paris: Yesterday and Today / More Bogus Cortès / Art Market Update Continued May 2008 - Volume 89 Stay Sharp: Bogus Cortès Paintings Hit The Market / Art Market Update Continued April 2008 - Volume 88 New Email Format / It's All In The Genes / Market Update Continued March 2008 - Volume 87 The Economics of Art – WHAT!? / The Impressionist & Modern / Contemporary February 2008 - Volume 86 Your Money - Now What? January 2008 - Volume 85 Trusting the Seller / Art Market Update Continued / Interesting Odds and Ends December 2007 - Volume 84 Art Market Update - Continued November 2007 - Volume 83 Art Market Update / To Sell or Not to Sell? That is the Question / You Mean I Have to Pay for that Painting? October 2007 - Volume 82 Follow-ups from Recent Newsletters / Comical Topics and Questions / Researching an Artist and Value September 2007 - Volume 81 Art vs Stocks / Beer Bonanza / Selling Your Lower Priced Works at Auction Just Got More Difficult and Expensive August 2007 - Volume 80 Antoine Blanchard / Rehs.com Web Site Upgrades / Interesting Results From Around the Globe July 2007 - Volume 79 Art Market Update / Antoine Blanchard: www.antoineblanchard.org June 2007 - Volume 78 The Art Market Update Continued May 2007 - Volume 77 The Art Market Update Continues / Art Market Inefficiency / More Interesting Results April 2007 - Volume 76 The Art Market Update March 2007 - Volume 75 Museum Quality / NAPOLÉON - An Intimate Portrait February 2007 - Volume 74 A Masterpiece … Continued January 2007 - Volume 73 The Art Market Update Continued / A Few Other Results / A Masterpiece? That is the Question December 2006 - Volume 72 Art Market Update Continued / Comments from One of Our Readers November 2006 - Volume 71 Art Market vs. Stock Market Revisited / Brooklyn Museum Show / Diaz Catalogue Raisonne October 2006 - Volume 70 ‘Collection’ Questions / A Romance with the Landscape: Realism to Impressionism / Books September 2006 - Volume 69 Provenance and Value / Dallas Museum of Art Presents Van Gogh’s Sheaves of Wheat / Books For Sale August 2006 - Volume 68 Signed vs. Unsigned and the Expert’s Opinion / Bouguereau at the Philbrook / Holly Hope Banks July 2006 - Volume 67 Gustav Klimt / William Blake / More Results / Lighting Revisited / More Personal PR June 2006 - Volume 66 Art Market Round-up Continued May 2006 - Volume 65 A Few Words of Caution / Art Market Update / A Few Odds and Ends April 2006 - Volume 64 What Are Those Bare Spots On The Canvas? / Art Market Update March 2006 - Volume 63 Holes and Tears / A Little More Personal PR February 2006 - Volume 62 Discovering the Undiscovered (Ugo Giannini) / More Art Terms and Their Meaning January 2006 - Volume 61 Cracks in the Paint December 2005 - Volume 60 Art Market Round-Up / Other Sales of Interest November 2005 - Volume 59 Water & High Levels of Humidity: A Painting’s Worst Enemy! / 19th Century Art Worldwide / Another Exhibition of Interest October 2005 - Volume 58 In Memory Of John J. McMullen / A Painting’s Original Title / More Gallery PR / Eugene Galien Laloue / The Oklahoma Show September 2005 - Volume 57 Important Legislation / Crime & Punishment Update / Recent Sales / Another Reminder: Oklahoma Show / More PR August 2005 - Volume 56 Oklahoma Show / Nineteenth-Century Art Worldwide: A Request for Support July 2005 - Volume 55 Art Market Round-Up Continued / Assorted Results / A Little Gallery PR / Allan Banks June 2005 - Volume 54 Art Market Round-Up / Another Exhibition in Oklahoma May 2005 - Volume 53 An Expert’s Opinion and the Possible Legal Ramifications / Virtual Exhibition Upgrades / The Next Dahesh Show April 2005 - Volume 52 Droit de Suite – What is That? / Dogs Playing Poker / Money Makes Money / Another Crook Caught March 2005 - Volume 51 The Blanchard Story? / Internet Auction Complaints: Among the Top 10 February 2005 - Volume 50 Year End Wrap-up / The Right Art Can Help Heal! / Crime and Punishment January 2005 - Volume 49 Comments on the Many Recent ‘Investing in Art’ Articles December 2004 - Volume 48 Is it Hot Potato Time? November 2004 - Volume 47 Copies - Do They Have Value? / Swatland Captures Gold / Allan R. Banks October 2004 - Volume 46 Alternate Versions or Reductions - Are They Valuable? / Sally Swatland Updates September 2004 - Volume 45 Biographical Research / A Few Books to Get You Started August 2004 - Volume 44 Value of the Original vs. the Reproduction / A Strong Market Continues July 2004 - Volume 43 Copyright, Public Domain & The Berne Convention / More Swatland Updates June 2004 - Volume 42 SO … What’s Hot and What’s Not? / The Art of Jean Lecomte du Nouÿ / Sally Swatland Update May 2004 - Volume 41 An Artist’s Recent Auction Results: Do They Paint a Full & Accurate Picture?/ Sally Swatland & the Copley Society April 2004 - Volume 40 What About Existing Catalogue Raisonnés? / Price Per Square Inch! March 2004 - Volume 39 Multiple Experts & Multiple Catalogue Raisonnes! / Sally Swatland Update February 2004 - Volume 38 A Catalogue Raisonne: What is That? / John Kuhn January 2004 - Volume 37 The Art Market - Still Going Strong! / Newsletter Wrap-Up December 2003 - Volume 36 Short Term Loans / Charles Bargue: The Art of Drawing November 2003 - Volume 35 Getting Your Works Included in Exhibitions October 2003 - Volume 34 To Loan or Not To Loan - There is No Question! / Dupré Catalogue Raisonné / LA Art Show September 2003 - Volume 33 Photography / Theft: Aston Knight Paintings / Oklahoma August 2003 - Volume 32 Selling a Work of Art (Galleries) July 2003 - Volume 31 Selling a Work of Art (Auctions) / Oklahoma Show June 2003 - Volume 30 Selling a Work of Art (Retailing it Yourself) / Art Market Update May 2003 - Volume 29 Transporting Your Art / Emile Munier April 2003 - Volume 28 Storage / Previous Story Update / Additional Stories of Interest March 2003 - Volume 27 Framing / Emile Munier & Aston Knight / Stolen Art Update / eBay & the Cortes Book February 2003 - Volume 26 Theft / Recoveries / Upcoming Museum Exhibit January 2003 - Volume 25 To Insure, or Not to Insure? That is the Question / On a Similar Note December 2002 - Volume 24 The Environment! / Art vs. Stocks: A Year End Wrap-Up November 2002 - Volume 23 Is it Restoration or Conservation? October 2002 - Volume 22 Can I Clean/Dust My Painting?/Investing in Art September 2002 - Volume 21 Lighting / More eBay Bargains! / This is Art? August 2002 - Volume 20 The Proper Way to Hang a Work of Art / Market Update: Stocks vs. Art / Our New Site July 2002 - Volume 19 Blowing My Horn Again! / How to Buy Right - A Summary June 2002 - Volume 18 A Little Personal PR / Expertise / Oops! / A Follow-up to Last Month's Story May 2002 (Edited 2008) - Volume 17 The Art Consultant / Finding the Wrong 'Consultant'! April 2002 (Edited 2008) - Volume 16 Trying a Work at Home / Is There Someone Else Bidding? March 2002 (Edited 2008) - Volume 15 Is This Really Art? / Provenance Februrary 2002 (Edited 2008) - Volume 14 Title / An Interesting Story About Title January 2002 (Edited 2008) - Volume 13 A Story From One of Our Readers / Condition (Linings) December 2001 - Volume 12 Volume 7 Revisited / A Work’s Period November 2001 (Edited 2008) - Volume 11 One Month Later / Another eBay Story / The Artist's Signature Image or Style October 2001 - Volume 10 Thoughts on the Recent Events / How Does the Size of a Work Affect its Price? September 2001 (Edited 2008) - Volume 9 A Gray Area - Are You Kidding! / What if You Cannot Afford the Best From a Particular Artist? August 2001 (Edited 2008) - Volume 8 Gone Are The Good Old Days! July 2001 (Edited 2008) - Volume 7 The Art Market vs. The Stock Market June 2001 (Edited 2008) - Volume 6 Quality May 2001 (Edited 2008) - Volume 5 Should You Buy a Work of Art Just Because a Certain Artist Painted it? April 2001 (Edited 2008) - Volume 4 Authenticity March 2001 (Edited 2008) - Volume 3 You Have Found a Period/Style of Art You Like – Now What? February 2001 (Edited 2008) - Volume 2 Buy What You Like! January 2001 (Edited 2008) - Volume 1 Buying Art at a Gallery All information and images displayed on this web site are the property of Rehs Galleries, Inc. Copyright 2000 - 2014 Rehs Galleries, Inc. All Rights Reserved ++++++++++++++++++++ $0.00 'Item' was added to your cart. Contact Us Home DVD List - All DVD Printable List About Us FAQ Shopping Cart Sale Page Subscribe to our E-News Newsletter Archive Your Account Login to your account Create New Account Media Types Sale Items Acrylic Art Supplies Bookbinding Books Collage Colored Pencil Craft Arts Design Drawing Encaustic Fabric Gouache Graphite Jewelry Mixed Media Oil Polymer Clay Printing Watercolor Yupo Skill Level True Beginner Advanced Beginner Intermediate Advanced Shop by Product Vendor APV Artist Palette Birgit O'Connor Burning Oak Studios Creative Catalyst Productions Crystal Productions E. John Robinson Interweave Jean Pederson North Light On Air Video Other Producer Quiller Gallery Richard Robinson Susan Harrison-Tustain Teaching Art The Color Wheel Townhouse White Pine Slider is empty click here Featured Items Figure Design in Gouache: The Process with Carla O'Connor $49.95 A Designed Approach to Abstraction with John Salminen $59.95 Saturated Wet Technique with Cheng-Khee Chee $39.95 Designing for Content: Yupo Master Class with George James $39.95 Sale Painting Watercolor Portraits: A Simple Approach From Photo to Finish with Jan Kunz $29.95 The You Factor: Powerful, Personal Design in Opaque Watercolor with Donna Zagotta $39.95 Design with the Figure with Polly Hammett $19.95 Sale Watercolor from Within: Transparent Layering with Barbara Nechis $39.95 Innovative Water Media with Nicholas Simmons $29.95 Sale Mastering Yupo with George James $39.95 Splash Color Technique with Cheng-Khee Chee $34.95 Watercolor Simplified with Pat Weaver $39.95 Recently Viewed Items Search About Us Affiliates _ Twitter Facebook RSS Skip to main content Main Menu ABOUT Chairs Statement Deans Statement History Recruitment Visitor Information Facilities RESEARCH Initiatives Centers In-Field Partners Galleries Publications Resources People Faculty Graduate Students Staff Alumni In Memory Events Calendar Featured Events Past Events Notable Coverage Press Release Media Channel News Profiles PROGRAM Overview Courses Ph.D. MFA Undergraduate Resources Admissions Admissions Overview Ph.D. MFA Undergraduate Transfer Students SUPPORT Scholarships and Fellowships Endowed Faculty Chairs Space and Program Support Search this site: Front Page Phel Steinmetz - 2011 - Table Blinds discover our work and research search our majors courses attend our gallery presentations Don't Miss 02/26/14, 6:00pm Michael Trigilio: Rebel Cruisers, Used Futures, Drafting Galactic 02/24/14 (All day) - 02/28/14 (All day) Tomas Moreno: DumbSun The News BET Honors MFA Alumna Carrie Mae Weems Brian Cross: Three Faces to Watch in Visual Art in 2014 Benjamin Bratton: New Perspectives: Whats Wrong with TED Talks ABOUT Chairs Statement Deans Statement History Recruitment Temporary Lecturer Assistant Professor Visitor Information Facilities RESEARCH Initiatives Centers In-Field Partners Galleries Publications Resources People Faculty Permanent Faculty Lecturers Affiliate Faculty Emeriti Faculty Office Hours Graduate Students Ph.D. Students Ph.D. Candidates MFA Candidates PhD Achievements Staff Alumni In Memory Events Calendar Featured Events Past Events Notable Coverage Press Release Media Channel News Profiles PROGRAM Overview Courses Ph.D. PhD Achievements Student Opportunities Annual Schedule Faculty Office Hours MFA MFA 2013 Catalogue Student Opportunities Annual Schedule Faculty Office Hours Undergraduate Academic Advising Faculty Advising Hours Majors Minors Annual Schedule Faculty Office Hours TA Office Hours Student Opportunities Resources Department Forms Student Opportunities Admissions Admissions Overview Ph.D. MFA MFA Program Areas Undergraduate Transfer Students SUPPORT Scholarships and Fellowships Endowed Faculty Chairs Space and Program Support Log In UC San Diego, 9500 Gilman Dr., La Jolla, CA 92093 (858) 534-2230 contact directions search // VArts at UMBC // Graduate Program // Undergraduate Program // News & Events // Visiting Artists & Designers UMBC Department of Visual Arts Faculty research and creative endeavors center on the interdisciplinary aspects of digital imaging, design, time-based media, and installation and performance art forms. With continuing commitment to innovative activities, the faculty have achieved success in both national and international forums of exhibitions and publications. The perspective gained from this high level of engagement provides the diverse faculty and professional associate staff with an informed and unique pedagogical vision. The department incorporates this awareness of contemporary art practice, theoretical discourse and in-depth knowledge of evolving technologies into an educational process, which is designed to enable students to achieve the realization of their creative projects and artistic goals. The Visual Arts Program approaches studio arts education by focusing on the concepts, techniques and issues arising from current art practice in the digital and technological arts and contemporary design. This approach also arises from engagement with evolving media such as streaming video, the Internet, and the development of interactive strategies. Students in the program have access to updated technology, tools, facilities, and methodologies necessary for a contemporary art education. The Department of Visual Arts recognizes ongoing conceptual and technical changes in art and incorporates those changes into the undergraduate curricula. In addition to studying foundational techniques, art history, and critical theory, students are encouraged to explore related arts disciplines to inform their own art practices. By studying various areas of concentration, they have the opportunity to broaden their knowledge/skill base to achieve their personal and professional goals. These areas include: Animation Interactive Media , Art History Museum Studies , Cinematic Arts , Graphic Design , Intermedia , Photography , and Print Media . // About Our New Website Welcome // Current News Digital Design and Fabrication Lab New Video Channel on Vimeo New BFA Degree in Design // Current Events Lynn Cabazon and Neal McDonald's Junkspace Steven Silberg & Kristen Anchor at Gallaudet Fall 2013 Visiting Artists + Designers Lecture Series 2014 UMBC Emily Wilson '99 Jason Rosenberg '92 Jump to navigation Calendars Libraries Log In Site search A-Z Site Index Resources For: Alumni Friends Media Faculty Staff Parents Families About Holy Cross Admissions Academics Student Life Offices Athletics News Events Visual Arts - LM Visual Arts Art History Studio Art Course Offerings Faculty and Staff Student Resources Millard Art Center Events Careers News feed_visualarts Visual Arts News 02/20/14 “Encountering Early America” See More 02/12/14 Holy Cross Studio Supervisor and Lecturer Presents Solo Exhibit in Beverly, Mass. See More 02/12/14 Cantor Art Gallery to Present “Global Encounters in Early America” See More See All SEE ALSO See Also Cantor Art Gallery » Visual Resources Library » Laboratory and Studio Safety » Architectural Studies » Artful Bodies » Global Encounters » Academic Resources Academic Resources Academic Services Learning Resources » Audio-Visual Services » Dean’s Office » Educational Technology » Libraries » Registrar » HC Login - nav CMS Login Holy Cross Login - RM099 You are here Home › Visual Arts Department Visual Arts Department The study of visual arts is designed to be an integral part of the liberal arts curriculum at Holy Cross. Its aim is to increase student sensitivity to the visual arts, to refine the powers of critical analysis, and to provide the student with the means of creative expression. The rich resources of the surrounding area, especially the museums and architecture of Worcester and Boston, form an integral part of the curriculum and the department provides students with opportunities for internships in these cities.   Tutorials are available with individual faculty to allow students to design courses suited to individual needs. The department sponsors numerous programs for gaining a broad understanding of the practice and study of the arts today: lectures and demonstrations by visiting artists and critics, student presentations of seminar research in open fora, and regular trips to Boston and New York galleries and museums. There are two divisions in the Visual Arts Department, art history and studio art. Students may major or minor in either art history or studio art. Students may also combine a major in one area with a minor in the other. Contact information: Department of Visual Arts PO Box 60A, One College Street Worcester, MA 01610 Department Office: 508-793-2227   Video: Visual Arts Program at Holy Cross Helps Students See World in New Light  »   HC Video Player 2.11 Directions & Campus Map Contact Us Employment Campus Directory Copyright | Privacy Faculty / Staff Search First Name Last Name Clear Search Department / Unit Search Hidden Department Search Submit Search Clear Search Libraries Maps Parking Campus A-Z Directory Events WebMail OWL Student Services WesternU.ca About Visual Arts Alumni Job Opportunities Full-Time Faculty Part-Time Faculty Technical Staff Contact News Events 2014 2013 Events Calendar Newsletters Speakers' Series Making News Undergraduate Future Students Current Students Degrees Offered Undergraduate Courses Funding Frequently Asked Questions Western Academic Calendar VASA : Visual Art Supporters Association December Exam Schedule Visual Arts Alumni Graduate Future Students Current Students Degrees Offered Graduate Courses Funding Graduate Conference Meet Our Grads Alumni Research Undergraduate Research Graduate Research Faculty Research Resources Sign-Out Office Media Lab Sound Booth Sculpture Studio Photography Printmaking Drawing Painting Installing Artwork in the VAC Visual Resources Library Artlab Current Exhibition Upcoming Exhibitions Exhibition Archive Plastiglomerate : Rock formation discovered by Prof. K. Jazvac P. Corcoran MEET OUR PEOPLE Kathryn Brush Professor Kathryn Brush, who recently received the Edward G. Pleva Award for Excellence in Teaching, has distinguished herself as both a teacher and researcher. Patrick Mahon Patrick Mahon discusses his ongoing project, Immersion Emergencies, at Westerns World Water Day activities. The project uses research and practice in visual art to generate discussion around the topic of water. News Make it Move IMAGINE: Sustainability, Community, Engagement Insight: Visual Arts Forum Art Now! Speakers' Series: Jamelie Hassan Call for Participants: Undergraduate Art History Symposium More News What we offer BFA Program Small classes hands-on instruction by dynamic professional artists with national and international exhibition profiles. Artlab Gallery A 1600sq foot purpose-built exhibition space designed to showcase contemporary and historical works of art in all mediums. Speakers' Series Engage with local, national, and international artists, curators, and scholars. All events are free and are open to the public. Department Search Upcoming Events Feb 25 Building a Personal Library: How to use Zotero, VAC Media Lab, 10am Feb 27 IMAGINE: Sustainability, Community, Engagement at the Artlab Feb 27 Make it Move - Exhibition in the Concourse Gallery Feb 28 BFA Portfolio Submission Deadline for first time applicants More Events | RSS feed Visual Arts on Flickr Follow us on Twitter Tweets by @VisArtsWesternU Enable Javascript in your browser settings to to view this content, or follow this link to Western's twitter account. 1878 - 2013 Western University Department of Visual Arts John Labatt Visual Arts Centre mjones5@uwo.ca Privacy Web Standards Terms of Use Accessibility Key Topics: About News Events Undergraduate Graduate Research Resources Artlab Popular Resources: Contact Us Meet our Faculty Speakers' Series Visual Resource Library Find Images Equipment Sign-Out The George Washington University | Washington DC GW Home GW Links Explore About GW Academic Life Campus Life GW Athletics Media Room Visiting Campus Apply Undergraduate Admissions Graduate & Professional Non-Degree Pre-College Costs & Financial Planning Learn Colleges & Schools Undergraduate Programs Graduate & Professional Programs GW International Online Learning Off-Campus Programs Discover Discoveries & Innovations Faculty Expertise Research Training Centers & Institutes Facilities & Technology University Libraries Connect Alumni Community Government Parents Online Networks Corporations & Partners Give The Power of Giving Giving Opportunities Ways to Give Honoring Donors Volunteer Close Info For Students GWMail Blackboard GWeb (Records Registration) GWired (Student Services) myGW Portal Colonial Central (Financial Services) GWorld Card and Colonial Cash GW Bulletin (Course Descriptions) University Libraries GW Bookstore Alumni Connect Share Benefits Services Programs Events Volunteer Give Transcript Services Faculty and Staff myGW Portal Faculty Handbook Colonial Community Human Resources Parents Parent Services Online Tuition Payment Colonial Cash Parents Campaign Close Search String: Select Site to Search: CCAS GW go Columbian College of Arts and Sciences | Department of Fine Arts Art History Home Programs Programs Fine Arts BA BA/MA in Art Therapy MFA Past MFA Thesis Exhibitions Presidential Scholarship in the Arts Art History BA Combined BA/MA MA AU-GW Graduate Student Symposium Combined FA/AH The Phillips Collection Partnership Postdoctoral Fellowship Conversations with Artists Lecture Series Spring 2014 Semester Offerings Summer Programs GWU Bulletin Schedule of Classes People Faculty and Staff Advisors Graduate Students Postdoctoral Fellow Artist-in-Residence Visiting Artists and Scholars Past Visitors Gallery 102 Gallery 102 Current Exhibition Future Exhibitions Past Exhibitions Calls for Work 102 Committee Gallery 102 Weekly News Events This Week in Fine Arts and Art History Lectures and Events Calendar Newsletter Press Resources Resources Facilities Lighting Studio Visual Resources Center New Media Lab Hours Student Resources Student Organizations AGAST Visiting Artists and Scholars Committee Gallery 102 Committee Activist Art Forum Graduate Funding Internships Opportunities at GW Faculty Staff Hiring Resident Artist/ Scholar Program Postdoctoral Fellowship Work-Study Support Apply Why GW Arts? BA Presidential Scholarships in the Arts MA Combined BA/MA MFA The Department of Fine Arts and Art History seeks to interweave creative expression, art theory, and history. The strong partnership between the Fine Arts and Art History promotes our critical approach, which is grounded in both contemporary and historical concerns. We challenge our students to think beyond the classroom, to interpret the arts within a broader visual culture, treating the classroom as a testing ground for their ideas. The Department offers Bachelor of Arts degrees in Fine Arts, Art History, or a combination of the two as well as a Master of Fine Arts and a Master of Arts in Art History. Undergraduate and graduate students have a range of options for studying the visual and creative arts and for developing visual literacy as well as critical, analytic, and research skills. © 2014 Department of Fine Arts and Art History Skip to main content Lakehead University | A-Z INDEX | DIRECTORY A+ A- A Search form Search Website Thunder Bay • Orillia About Lakehead Overview of Lakehead University Thunder Bay Campus Orillia Campus University Structures & Governance News & Events Branding and Marketing Social Media Directory University Advancement We promise you an unparalleled University experience: gaining a world-class education while having the adventure of a lifetime. Discover why Lakehead is your Canadian University to live and learn. close Academics Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Other Programs & Studies Course Calendar Timetables Faculties Academic Departments Academic Support Registering for Courses Program Changes Transcripts myCourselink Library Bookstore Dynamic, modern, and highly learner-centred, our University is proud to offer a wide range of program and study options. You can also benefit from our extensive academic supports and services, all geared towards your success. close Future Students Programs of Study Admissions Scholarships & Financing Cost Campus Tours Connect with Lakehead Study Abroad Graduate Studies International Students Life at Lakehead What our Students Say I am New to Lakehead Thinking about Lakehead? Discover all we have to offer: quality programs, a dedicated faculty, comprehensive work and volunteer experiences, superb recreational opportunities … and so much more. close Current Students Ask Lakehead Examinations Financing Your Education First Year Experience & Orientation Graduation & Convocation Important Dates Jobs & Career Leadership Photo Identification Card Residence & Housing Rights & Responsibilities Student Life & Services Tuition Fees As a new or returning student, you have access to a number of services, supports, and opportunities. Learn more about Orientation, sports teams, clubs, health services, work options, and other ways you can enrich your time here. close Faculty Staff Departments Directory (Faculty & Staff) Faculty Resources Forms Database Plans & Performance Measures Policies Lakehead aims to immerse our students in a supportive and inspirational environment. As members of our Faculty and Staff, you can play a pivotal role in promoting the well-being and success of our future leaders and innovators. close Alumni Friends Alumni Association For Employers Giving to Lakehead Join the Homestay Program Lakehead Graduates Retirees’ Association of Lakehead Summer Accommodations Thunderwolves Youth Programs Share in our future. Whether you wish to give a gift or stay in touch, we value your continued commitment to Lakehead. close Research Innovation Who Can Help Me? About Research at Lakehead Research Services Ethics & Research Integrity Economic Development Innovation Businesses & Community Facilities & Centres Forms Policies & Procedures Highly innovative and interdisciplinary, our research community continues to drive groundbreaking projects, solve real world problems, and attract first-rate experts, students, and partners from across the globe. close President's Office Achievement Program Administration Annual Report Contact Information Nurturing a Passion to Lead - Strategic Plan 2013-2018 President's Biography President's Reports Speeches "By offering our voice and our abilities to a global community, Lakehead University can add the talent of its faculty, students and staff to an increasingly globalized world." – Brian J. R. Stevenson President Vice-Chancellor close You are here Home Academics Academic Departments Visual Arts Set Campus Visual Arts Undergraduate Program Facilities Faculty & Staff Student Club Resources for Artists News Events Juried Student Art Exhibition Visual Arts Visual Arts offers hands-on degree programs focused on developing technical and conceptual skills needed to transform ideas into art. Two streams of study provide the option to develop skills that are necessary to succeed as a practicing studio artist, or to enter a Concurrent Education program toward a future in teaching at the elementary or secondary school level.   Students explore all of the studio disciplines in the first year to experience the range of options to follow through the upper level courses. Studies in art history and theory help to develop research and writing skills, enhancing the individual voice that student artists bring their work.  Small class sizes provides direct interaction and support from Instructors that are all practicing in their fields as artists, writers and researchers.     Interested in Visual Arts? Students interested in the Visual Arts program at Lakehead University will learn.... To communicate visually through various means of drawing, painting, printmaking, sculpture and ceramics Develop studio skills through practical applications Creative ways to interpret the world and significant events Critically analyze visual culture What is Visual Arts The study of Visual Arts The Program will Include: Studies of art history and art theory Indepth studies of the different studio disciplines Outreach programs with local art galleries and arts organizations   EVENTS NEWS MY EMAIL MY INFO MY COURSE LINK Take me to the LIBRARY Visual Arts Visual Arts Hours: Monday - Friday 8:30am - 4:30pm Address: Wm H. Buset Music/Visual Arts, Room 1001 Phone: +1 (807) 343-8787 Course Calendar Library myCourselink Careers Helpdesk Directory A-Z Index Contact Us Maps FB T YT RSS 955 OLIVER ROAD, THUNDER BAY, ON, P7B 5E1 P: (807) 343.8110 | E: TBAY@LAKEHEADU.CA 500 UNIVERSITY AVENUE, ORILLIA, ON, L3V 0B9 P: (705) 330-4008  | E: ORILLIA@LAKEHEADU.CA Website Feedback Jump to Navigation California College of the Arts Search Search Menu Admissions Undergraduate Graduate International Students Admitted Undergraduates Admitted Graduates Financial Aid See All... Programs of Study Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Special Programs Interdisciplinary Studies Course Registration Academic Requirements See All... Campus Life Residential Life Student Activities Leadership International Student Affairs/Programs Career Development Student Accounts Student Records See All... About Maps Directions Office of the President Press Resources Bay Area Administration Campus Safety See All... Support CCA Online Giving Ways to Give The Fund for CCA Student Scholarships Sponsored Studios Bequests Planned Giving See All... Secondary menu future students current students parents alumni faculty staff Documenting Personal History In filmmaker and CCA alumnus Banker White 's (MFA 1999) documentary The Genius of Marian, he follows his mother as she deals with the onset of Alzheimer’s disease. Make Your Career Happen Here's your opportunity to connect with creative industry leaders, gain leads for jobs and internships, and network with successful alumni. Join the Madness! Participate in the many visit opportunities to learn about the college, our academic programs, and our dynamic CCA community. Performance Artist and More! Meet ChuCha Santamaria : dancing siren, disco singer, and larger-than-life alter ego of CCA alumna Sofía Córdova (MFA 2010). Register Now! Pre-College is a unique opportunity for high school students to build skills, grow as individuals, strengthen their portfolios, and earn college credit! Perspectives on Diversity MFA in Film students benefit from internationally renowned British filmmaker whose documentary film work is political and controversial. Request Info Apply Now Subscribe to Newsletter Give to CCA CCA Events Today's Events February 2428 Risky Business: First Year Exhibition Tuesday February 25 Lecture by Deborah Willis: Mixing Histories Monday March 3 Lecture by Pier Vittorio Aureli CCA News All News Capp Street Project Turns 30: CCA Wattis Institute Jumps to the Occasion CCAs Andrew Maxwell-Parish and Social Impact Fast Company: CCA Alum Neil Grimmer Has World-Changing Ideas Featured Videos Video of xFluMM7-aNY Video of vb0f0vlm5YM Video of fJFCNeGAtHU Request Info Apply Now Subscribe to Newsletter Give To CCA General Information 1.800.447.1ART San Francisco campus 1111 Eighth Street San Francisco, CA 94107-2247 415.703.9500 Map Oakland campus 5212 Broadway Oakland, CA 94618-1426 510.594.3600 Map 2014 California College of the Arts LearnJCU Email for students Email for staff Library Contact Us Close LearnJCU Email Email for students Email for staff About JCU email IT Helpdesk Library Contact us Search 1800 246 446 Cairns Singapore Townsville Students Current students New students Alumni Staff Study at JCU Undergraduate – your first degree Postgraduate International students Pathways to university Apply now Subject search Research Find an advisor Centres and Institutes Higher Degrees by Research Graduate Research School Research Portfolio About JCU Strategic Intent Campuses Faculties & Divisions Sustainability Get involved Supporting JCU Jobs School of Creative Arts Menu + Our Staff Facilities & Equipment Contact Us About Us Welcome Contact Us Facilities Staff SoCA Community Industry Partnerships Industry Advisory Boards Student Art Works Student Art Works (Video) Staff Art Works Alumni Professional Affiliations Planning Staff Blogs Benjamin van Houts Dr David Salisbury Richard Gillespie Russell Milledge Sally Pryor Study Creative Arts Programs Easy Guide to Degrees Easy Guide to Subjects Cairns Campus (BCI) Creative Projects: CXC Art Study Tours Creative Arts Core Townsville Majors Photomedia Music and Sound Media Media Design Illustration and Visual Media Contemporary Theatre Cairns Majors Media Design Visual Arts Photomedia International Dual Degree Program, Germany Norges Kreative Fagskole Post Graduate Coursework Faculty Postgraduate Coursework Research Events Creative Industries SoCA Graduating Exhibition Events in Cairns Events in Townsville Art Gallery Townsville Art Gallery Cairns Art Gallery History Research Research videos online Staff Research Graduate Research PhD/Doctor of Philosophy Master of Phil (Creative Arts) Faculty Postgraduate Research Staff Projects ARC: Creative University Cairns Institute: cIndustries Memorial: Silence of Extinction Information For SoCA Undergraduates Handbook Scholarships, Prizes and Awards Facility Equipment Hire Materials Purchases Prospective Honours Students Secondary School Students Student Placements Graduate Careers SoCA Dropbox Access Instructions IP Licence Deed, Release Form Work Health Safety SoCA Media Vimeo Channel Youtube Channel Twitter Feed Facebook Page eMagazine Building Video Tour Creative Art Competitions Screengrab New Media award Northern Lights Film Festival Australian Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander information Explore James Cook University Australian Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander information Study Courses and degrees Courses by city Postgraduate study Flexible and distance courses Apply to JCU Pathways to university Scholarships Subject search Ask Us About James Cook University Flora and fauna at JCU Learning and teaching Faculties and divisions Library and computing Jobs at JCU JCU in your language Accommodation Research Our research Research students PhD & Research degrees Research scholarships Discover magazine Research leaders Find an advisor Information for Future students International students New students Parents and partners Graduates/Alumni Staff Current students Employers: Hire at JCU Locations Townsville Cairns Singapore Mackay Brisbane Mt Isa Thursday Island Campus Maps News News Events @JCU Bulletins Contacts James Cook University is a member of Emergencies On campus call 0000, then 15555 Published Tue, 25 Feb 2014 09:10 All rights reserved. ABN 46253211955 Feedback Terms of use Right to Information & Privacy CRICOS Provider Code:00117J We acknowledge Aboriginal People and Torres Strait Islander People as the first inhabitants of the nation and acknowledge Traditional Owners of the lands where our staff and students, live, learn and work. 
