 WELCOME here 
 The Collection of Computer Science Bibliographies Collection Home Up: Bibliographies on Artificial Intelligence Bibliography of Research in Natural Language Generation [ About | Browse | Statistics ] Number of references: 1285 Last update: August 26, 1997 Number of online publications: 8 Supported: no Most recent reference: June 1994 Query: any author title field year (four digit years) Results as Citation Results in BibTeX 10 results per page 40 results per page 100 results per page 200 results per page sort by score year online papers only Lucene syntax ti (title), au (author), yr Information on the Bibliography Author: Mark Kantrowitz mkant @ cs . cmu . edu (email mangled to prevent spamming) Abstract: Mark Kantrowitz, Bibliography of Research in Natural Language Generation, Techical Report CMU-CS-93-216, Carnegie Mellon University, November 1993. Author Comments: Browsing the bibliography Original source: Used to be available at Local copy in BibTeX format (78 KB, compressed with gzip Bibliographic Statistics Types: Fields: Distribution of publication dates: Copyright Paul Ortyl comments liinwwwa@ira.uka.de 
 Language Technologies Institute Carnegie Mellon University School of Computer Science Home Education Programs Ph.D. Program Portugal Ph.D. Program M.S. in Language Technologies M.S. in Biotechnology Innovation and Computation M.S. in Intelligent Information Systems Undergraduate Minor How to Apply Course Listings Spring 2013 Fall 2013 - HUB Spring 2014 - HUB Course Information Course Categories Policies LTI Policies and Procedures Research Projects Dissertations Tech Reports Seminars Joint Speech Seminar Machine Translation LTI Colloquium Student Research Symposium Intelligence Seminar Crowdsourcing Lunch Seminar People Faculty Administration Research Staff Students Visitors Recent Graduates Faculty Support Information General Info New Student Open House Visiting the LTI Who to See for What Forms Student Info CMU Academic Calendar The Word - General Student Handbook Grad Student Assembly Grad Student Health Insurance CMU Foreign Student Info Awards and Achievements CloudCare and Symetric selected to compete in NCIIA competition this year GeniusHire makes it to final round of McGinnis Venture Competition 2014 Archive Announcements Ph.D. Thesis Proposal Agile Facilitation for Collaborative Learning 2014 Open House Welcome Reception February 26th, 5-7pm Newell-Simon Hall Atrium New Student Open House February 26-28 Schedule of Events and Travel Info JGC60: A Celebration of the Life and Work of Jaime G. Carbonell April 11-12, 2014 - Pittsburgh, PA READ MORE About the Language Technologies Institute Computational Linguistics Machine Translation Speech Recognition and Synthesis Information Retrieval Computational Biology Machine Learning Text Mining Knowledge Representation Computer-Assisted Language Learning Intelligent Language Tutoring Our "Bill of Rights" Get the right information ( search engines text mining to the right people ( adaptive filtering personalization right right language ( machine translation right media ( speech recognition synthesis right Language Technologies Institute 5000 Forbes Ave Pittsburgh, PA 15213-3891 (412) 268-6591 
 Welcome to Mingsee 
 AI-related FAQs Natural Language Processing Natural Language Processing FAQ sci.lang FAQ Speech FAQ Mark Kantrowitz 
 Link Grammar here Sign up Parse Translator Forum Samples Documentation Bibliography Improvements Download Acknowledgements NSF ARPA John Lafferty Daniel Sleator Davy Temperley Daniel Sleator 
 BMBF DLR ). After the successful evaluation of the research prototype (Forschungsprototyp) on October 24, 1996, in Munich, the project ontinued into its second phase until the year 2000. Verbmobil Video Promotion video for the Verbmobil long-term project (streaming video for single ISDN). Verbmobil Final Symposium Public Symposium for the Language Technology Science Community Scientific Coordination and Project Management Highlights / News Verbmobil Phase 1 - Info A short overview of the Verbmobil-Project Phase 1 Verbmobil Phase 2 - Info A short overview of the Verbmobil-Project Phase 2 Partners Verbmobil Phase1 A mouse-sensitive map shows the partners of Verbmobil Phase 1 Partners Verbmobil Phase2 A mouse-sensitive map shows the partners of Verbmobil Phase 2 Locations of Partners of Verbmobil Phase2 A mouse-sensitive map shows the locations of the partners of Verbmobil Phase2 Subprojects Phase1 Subprojects Phase2 Group of Modul-Coordinators A list of the several moduls, goals and operating range of the group Publications You have access to all available Verbmobil reports Word search You can search for an expression in the Verbmobil WWW-pages Last modifications Additional Services (for authorized user with Verbmobil access only) Webmaster 
 Cesky (CZ) Dansk (DA) Deutsch (DE) English (EN) Espanol (ES) Francais (FR) Hebrew (HE) Magyar (HU) Italiano (IT) Japanese (JA) Nederlands (NL) Norsk (NO) Polski (PL) Português (PT) Rusky (RU) PetaMem NLP Portal Client Pages Mirroring Service Feb2014 Feb2014 Jan2014 Dec2013 Oct2013 webmaster@petamem.com 
 Australasian Language Technology Association Home About ALTA News Research Events Training Mailing Lists Student Pages Resources Exec Committee Only ALTA Brochure ALTA News ALT Events ALT Jobs LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Latest ALTA News To alert us to relevant news and events, send us an email 29/7/2013 ALTA 2013 Shared Task NLP PhD . The 9/12/2013 The 2013 Australasian Language Technology Association Workshop (ALTA 2013) was held at Queensland University of Technology, Brisbane. ALTA 2013 was held in conjuction with the 18th Australasian Document Computing Symposium 2013 (ADCS 2013). CFP Workshop website 23/4/2013 OzCLO 2013 Competition Results Place Team Region Participants 1st place Qld Academy for Science Mathematics and Technology (Team #312) Queensland Alexandra Grant, Laura Boyle, Martyna Judd, and Rebecca Day 2nd place Murdoch College (Team #143) Western Australia Calvin Rokich, Caleb Thomas, Tomoki Ward, and Lewis Tolonen 3rd place Sydney Grammar School (Team #28) New South Wales Richard Howe, Edwin Ho, Grant Kynaston, and Asanka Wijetunga Top Junior (equal) All Saints Anglican School (Team #243) Queensland Alastair Butcher, Nitin Niranjan, Ama Ravirajah, and Matthew Jones Canberra Grammar School (Team #218) Queensland Brendan Falk, Kevin Jacob, Stephen Melhuish, and Benjamin Mynott ozclo.org.au . 11/4/2013 ACL Anthology 14/9/2012 ALTA 2012 Workshop in Dunedin 2012 Australasian Language Technology Workshop Seventeenth Australasian Document Computing Symposium 2012 (ADCS 2012) Become an ALTA Member Subscribe to ALTA Announce Visit ALTA-Announce Subscribe to ALTA Tech Visit ALTA-Tech News See Events and Calendar for a calendar view of events Loading ALTA Proceedings Vol. 1 (2003) Vol. 2 (2004) Vol. 3 (2005) [ updates ] Vol. 5 (2007) Vol. 7 (2009) Vol. 8 (2010) Vol. 9 (2011) Vol. 10 (2012) ALTA Shared Tasks 2012 2011 2010 ALTA secretary 
 European Language Resources Association Home page About Contact Site Map Private area Home page www.lrec-conf.org/lrec2014 ELRA has moved to new offices. Update your records with our new address: ELRA 9, rue des Cordelières 75013 Paris “If you talk to a man in a language he understands, that goes to his head. If you talk to him in his language, that goes to his heart.” Nelson Mandela Check out the ELRA Free Resources ELRA Catalogue Universal Catalogue ELRAs missions are to promote language resources for the Human Language Technology (HLT) sector, and to evaluate language engineering technologies. To achieve these two major missions, we offer a range of services, listed below and described in the "Services around Language Resources" section: Standardisation The promotion of the production of language resources also includes our support of the infrastructure for evaluation campaigns and our support in developing a scientific field of language resources and evaluation, e.g. via the LREC conference . Many of these tasks among which distribution and evaluation are being carried out by our distribution agency ELDA (Evaluations and Language resources Distribution Agency). ELRA also regularly conducts market studies and surveys in the field of HLT, and publishes a quarterly newsletter, distributed not only to its members but also to a large number of people in the HLT community. In doing so, ELRA participates in the development of HLT and promotes HLT among the players on national, European and international levels. ELRA receives the META Prize at the META-FORUM 2011 Latest articles 3rd Less Resourced Languages Workshop at LTC2013 Friday 10 January 2014, by elra Read more Establishing the ISLRN Friday 13 December 2013, by elra Read more Workshop Location Friday 13 December 2013, by elra Read more NLP12 Paris Declaration Friday 13 December 2013, by elra Read more Participating Organisations Monday 25 November 2013, by elra Read more On the web Legal Support Helpdesk Download the End-User Agreement (Free LRs) LREC Conference Homepage [HLT Evaluation Portal] Home page ELDA Copyright 2008 ELRA | All rights reserved G. Wolfgang SPIP Marcimat XHTML 1.0 CSS 2.0 
 Welcome to EAGLES on line Expert Advisory Group on Language Engineering Standards ISLE Project The essentials of EAGLES Editors' Introduction Project organisational structure Links to the WG pages Browse the EAGLES Guidelines EAGLES Central Secretariat address 
 BACK Clearing the Way... for every body (one way or another) Tracy C. Mansfield, PhD , CCC-SLP , ATP I have time for very few AT/AAC clients. I will occasionally present on assistive technology topics. I cannot accept anyone as a therapy client when there is any association with my current employment with Lane Education Service District (Eugene, OR). About Clyr CLYR stands for C ognitive L inguistic Y mage R efinement, where an ymage is a portrayal of what you have in mind. The Clyr group researches natural language processing with particular emphasis on ymage technology. We draw upon academic and industrial experience in cognitive science, linguistics, and systems design engineering, as well as professional certificates in technical training and systems administration. Copyright Š 2002-2010 Tracy C. Mansfield webmaster@clyr.com 
 LT World Sections RSS Accessibility Contact About Updates Legal Information Personal tools Log in Search Site Skip to content. Skip to navigation Information Knowledge Players Teams IPR Products Resources Tools Communication Events The Knowledge Portal of Information Sources Technologies Abbreviations People Projects Organisations Commercial Services Patents Products Language Data Language Descriptions Language Tools Blogs Events News Language Technology About LT World Intern. Advisory Board LT World Back Issues provided by with support by through as well as by through This site uses Google Analytics to record statistics about site visits - see  Legal Information . Home Info Last updated: February 4th, 2012   LT World is the most comprehensive WWW information service and knowledge source on the wide range of technologies dealing with human language. The service is provided for META-NET by DFKI. Content is constantly being improved. Please send corrections and pointers to missing information to feedback@lt-world.org .   SHORT NEWS What Else ... FP7-ICT Call 9 is now open! The new call for proposal has been published on January 18th, 2012 with a deadline of 12th of April 2012, at 17:00.00 Bruss els local time. The indicative budget is 291 million euros.   Several objectives of the following Challenges are open: Challenge 2: Cognitive systems and robotics, Challenge 4: Technologies for Digital Content and Languages, Challenge 5: ICT for Health, Ageing Well, Inclusion and Governance, Challenge 8: ICT for Learning and Access to Cultural Resources, Future and Emerging Technologies (FET) and International cooperation -partnership building and support to dialogues-.   For more information: -  Download the call fiche -  Visit the ICT wiki -  Visit the Participants portal     ICT Policy Support Programme as part of the Competitiveness and Innovation framework Programme (CIP) The ICT Policy Support Programme (or ICT PSP) aims at stimulating innovation and competitiveness through the wider uptake and best use of ICT by citizens, governments and businesses. New: Work Programme and Call for Proposals - 2012. The 6th Call for Proposals is open from 3 February until 15 May 2012. Links to details are available from the above website.     Pre-Announcement of the 5th Call for Proposals of the AAL JP The AAL Association will announce the 5th Call for proposals of the AAL Joint Programme: ICT-based Solutions for (Self) Management of Daily Life Activities of Older Adults at Home. The AAL JP Call 5 aims at the development of ICT-based solutions which enable and sustain older adults in their home. This call aims also at ICT-based solutions which support informal curers in their assistance.  It is anticipated that the call will be launched end of February 2012, with a proposal submission deadline end of May 2012. LangTech News - a new, constantly evolving website (BETA) now online . Basis Technology to support Newsle with news filtering about Companies . Real-time Speech Communication on Packet Networks named an IEEE Milestone . New Alcatel-Lucent Technology from Bell Labs enables Instant Language Voice Translation (ILVT) . A Siri for other phones? Nuance brings Dragon go to Android . CSOFT International launches TermWiki Mobile for Android . Evi arrives in town to go toe-to-toe with Siri . Nuance launches Developer Contest for Voice-enabled Mobile Heath Apps . Now Search for Cheapest Flights on Facebook and Twitter via Indian Search Engine iXiGo . QA expertise platform Beepl went live . A Web Harvesting Power Tool for All . TAUS announced partnership with APET for extended networking and memberships . SDL to acquire Alterian for Brand Monitoring and Social Networks . Yahoo! announced upgrade to its Content Analysis Service . Capita Goup Plc. acquired Applied Language Solutions for greater market penetration . A Review of Language Service and Technology Predictions for 2011 by Common Sense Advisory . Divergent Views on Communicating with Machines during Consumer Electronics Show (CES) 2012 . OTHER NEWS Udacity and the Future of Online Universities . Innovation without Age Limits . European Commission: New service unlocks project information on CORDIS . Stimulating growth and employment: an Action plan for doubling the volume of e-commerce in Europe 2015 . Reding unveils new EU Data Protection Rules . img src: http://itallchanges.com/...   New system detects emotions based on Variables ranging from Typing speeds to weather.   Researchers at Samsung have developed a smart phone that can detect people's emotions. Rather than relying on specialized sensors or cameras, the phone infers a user's emotional state based on how he's using the phone.   For example, it monitors certain inputs, such as the speed at which a user types, how often the "backspace" or "special symbol" buttons are pressed, and how much the device shakes. These measures let the phone postulate whether the user is happy, sad, surprised, fearful, angry, or disgusted, says Hosub Lee, a researcher with Samsung Electronics and the Samsung Advanced Institute of Technology's Intelligence Group, in South Korea.   Lee led the work on the new system. He says that such inputs may seem to have little to do with emotions, but there are subtle correlations between these behaviors and one's mental state, which the software's machine-learning algorithms can detect with an accuracy of 67.5 percent.   Read More: http://www.technologyreview.com/...     
 CMU Artificial Intelligence Repository areas/nlp/ bookcode/ corpora/ discours/ doc/ faq/ fonts/ misc/ morph/ mt/ nlg/ nli/ nlp/ nlu/ parsing/ Last Web update on Mon Feb 13 10:27:04 1995 AI.Repository@cs.cmu.edu 
 ELDA Language Resources (LRs) Catalogue of LRs Purchase LRs from Catalogue Services around LRs Production of LRs Projects The LREC conference Publications Links Terms and conditions Whats new? ELRA Catalog ELRA HLT Evaluation Portal ELDA has moved to new offices. ELDA - Evaluations and Language resources Distribution Agency is ELRAs operational body, set up to identify, classify, collect, validate and produce the language resources which may be needed by the HLT Human Language Technology community. Besides, ELDA is involved in HLT evaluation campaigns. ELDA handles the practical and legal issues related to the distribution of language resources, provides legal advice in the field of HLT, and drafts and concludes distribution agreements on behalf of ELRA . ELRA HLT Evaluation JOBS INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON LANGUAGE RESOURCES AND EVALUATION The Language and Speech Technology Forum Top of the page Contact us 
 Home Page of The Loebner Prize in Artificial Intelligence The First Turing Test Loebner Prize Gold Medal (Solid 18 carat, not gold-plated like the Olympic medals) What is the Loebner Prize? The Loebner Prize for artificial intelligence ( AI )is the first formal instantiation of a Turing Test .The test is named after Alan Turing the brilliant British mathematician. Among his many accomplishments was basic research in computing science. In 1950, in the article Computing Machinery and Intelligence which appeared in the philosophy journal Mind, Alan Turing asked the question Can a Machine Think? He answered in the affirmative, but a central question was: If a computer could think, how could we tell? Turing's suggestion was, that if the responses from the computer were indistinguishable from that of a human ,the computer could be said to be thinking. This field is generally known as natural language processing. In 1990 Hugh Loebner agreed with The Cambridge Center for Behavioral Studies to underwrite a contest designed to implement the Turing Test. Dr. Loebner pledged a Grand Prize of $100,000 and a Gold Medal (pictured above) for the first computer whose responses were indistinguishable from a human's. Such a computer can be said to think. Each year an annual cash prize and a bronze medal is awarded to the most human-like computer. The winner of the annual contest is the best entry relative to other entries that year, irrespective of how good it is in an absolute sense. Further information on the development of the Loebner Prize and the reasons for its existence is available in Loebner's article In Response to the article Lessons from a Restricted Turing Test by Stuart Shieber . The Loebner Prize was originally made possible by funding from Crown Industries, Inc., of East Orange NJ. For a comprehensive overview of chatbots in general, check chatbots.org Information on 2013 Contest The Imagineering Quarter is hosting the international Loebner Prize 2013 Contest in Artificial Intelligence (AI) to find the world's best conversational chatbot computer program in collaboration with Universities in the USA ( New Mexico ), Denmark ( Aalborg ), France ( LIMSI-CNRS ), England ( Exeter , Sheffield ) Ireland ( The Queen's University of Belfast , UCD , DCU ) and technically co-sponsored by the IEEE Computational Intelligence Society UKRI chapter . CultureTECH 2013 digital media and creativity festival City of Culture 2013 celebration. Each year an Annual Prize Bronze Medal is awarded to the most human-like computer. The Silver Medal Prize of $25,000 + Silver Medal will be awarded if any program fools two or more judges when compared to two or more humans. At that point the contest will progress to the MultiModal stage in which entries in subsequent years will necessitate processing of MultiModal input (e.g. music, speech, pictures, videos). During the MultiModal stage, if any entry fools half the judges compared to half of the humans, the program's creator(s) will receive the Grand Prize of $100,000 + 18kt Gold Medal, and the competition will be discontinued. All prizes are sponsored by New York Philanthropist, Dr. Hugh Loebner . A Call for Entries has been announced (see below) and the 4 entries with the highest scores will be selected as finalists. Note to entrants: Judges will interact with your program via the Judge Program , which is a Perl program running under ActiveState Perl 5.16. In order to run this program: Download the program Save the program with the extension changed from .txt to .pl Download and install ActiveState Perl 5.16 from this link Create a folder Create Four sub-folders within the folder named Webcast Left Webcast Right Your Program's Name eg or however you chose toname it. Click on the Judge Program to start it In the window which appears enter a in the boxes at the top of the window which are labeled Judge Number and Round Number Click on the green button at the right of the window which is labeled New Round TheJudge Program will request, via a browse function,folders for Webcast Left, Webcast Right, Human, and Your Program. Select them accordingly. The Judge Program will indicate which side, left or right, interaction with your program will take place. The judge will enter, character by character, his or herquestions to your program in the entry boxes at the bottom of the window labeled either My Left Entry or My Right Entry. Your program will interact with the Judge Program using the Loebner Prize Protocol via the sub folder with your program's name which is nested within the Communications folder. The other three folders are used during the competition, but are not necessary for testing. Loebner Prize 2013, in collaboration with Foyle Learning Community and TeenTech CIC , will also include a separate prize known as the Junior Loebner Prize in which the judging panel will consist of school pupils between 12 and 14 years old. This prize first arose after a paper (see below) and discussion at AISB 2010 where Loebner 2011 (Exeter) contest organiser, Dr. Ed Keedwell , proposed a Turing Test based on child development. An additional prize fund is available for the machines in this Junior Loebner Prize Contest. The University of Exeter's Computer Science Department ( Dr. Ed Keedwell , Kent McClymont ) will run a live webcast of Loebner Prize 2013 and interested people from around the world will be able to follow the conversations the judges have as they happen. Loebner Prize 2013 is directed by Prof. Paul Mc Kevitt of The University of Ulster and produced by Dr. Hugh Loebner , together with Production and Location (drawn from The Imagineering Quarter) Crews and casting of Contest Entrants and an International Judging Panel . A cameo appearance by a BBC Media Celebrity who is an expert on natural language is anticipated. Loebner Prize 2013 will be filmed by WGBH (Boston, USA) 360 Production (Derry/London) as part of a documentary on Artificial Intelligence (AI) for the Nova Primetime Science TV Series produced by Chad Cohen for screening on the USA Public Broadcasting Service (PBS) Television Network. The Loebner Prize is the first formal instantiation of `The Turing Test' . The test is named after Alan Turing , the brilliant British mathematician who also developed basic research on the theoretical foundation of computing science. Without wishing to complicate things, a not altogether unrelated spanner in the works is the simple matter of, ``The Chinese Room Problem'' ( Prof. John Searle, Berkeley, USA ). The Loebner Prize contest, first inaugurated in 1991 at The Computer Museum (Boston, USA), has been hosted internationally at locations such as: Carnegie Hall (NY, USA), The Science Museum (London), The Powerhouse Museum (Sydney, Australia), Bletchley Park (England), Dartmouth College (NH, USA), California State University (LA, USA), University College London, Surrey, Reading Exeter Universities (England), Flinders University (Adelaide, Australia) and even Hugh Loebner's appartment in New York City (USA). Winners of Previous Contests 1991 Joseph Weintraub , Thinking Systems Software 1992 Joseph Weintraub , Thinking Systems Software 1993 Joseph Weintraub , Thinking Systems Software 1994 Thomas Whalen 1995 Joseph Weintraub , Thinking Systems Software 1996 Jason Hutchens, Agworld Pty Ltd 1997 David Levy, Intelligent Research Ltd. 1998 Robby Garner 1999 Robby Garner 2000 Richard Wallace (another link) 2001 Richard Wallace 2002 Kevin Copple 2003 Juergen Pirner 2004 Richard Wallace 2005 Rollo Carpenter 2006 Rollo Carpenter 2007 Robert Medeksza 2008 Fred Roberts and Artificial Solutions 2009 David Levy 2010 Bruce Wilcox 2011 Bruce Wilcox 2012 Mohan Embar 2013 Stephen Worswick 1992 Contest Information and transcripts (thanks to Ms. Jamilah Ogburn who scanned the pdf file ) Thom Whalen's Account of winning the 1994 contest 1994 Contest Information and transcripts are currently unavailable 1995 Contest Information and transcripts Thom Whalen's Account of his experience at the 1995 contest 1996 Contest Information and transcripts 1997 Contest Information and transcripts 1998 Contest Information and transcripts 1999 Contest Information and transcripts 2000 Contest Information and transcripts are currently unavailable 2001 Contest Information and transcripts 2002 Contest Information and transcripts 2003 Contest Information and transcripts 2004 Contest Information and transcripts 2005 Contest Information and transcripts 2006 Contest Information and transcripts 2007 Contest Information and transcripts 2008 Contest Information and transcripts 2009 Contest Information and transcripts 2010 Contest Information and transcripts 2011 Contest Information and transcripts 2012 Contest Information and transcripts Marvin Minsky Co-sponsors the Contest! Read all about it! (An amusing thread on the comp.ai news groups) 1 April 2013 
 Close Ad Java . There are two main aims to the Chompy project: To develop a natural language parser class for Java. Please browse the Chompy world web pages where you will be able to download a copy of the Chompy classes and read the guide to Chompy, the command line interface for Chompy. Thanks go out to Eyepoppers Chompy is Copyright 1998 ( Neil Blue 
 New Version just Released! download it here. Quick download, simple update. You available here . Click Here 
 The online home for Greg Leedberg since 1995. Software Projects Thank you for your interest in my software! Programming is a passion of mine, and all the software here is free to use (although donations are appreciated). Explore the site, try my software, and let me know what you think. The Billy Project Cotiro GUSH send any questions, comments, or suggestions my way. Quick Profile Greg Leedberg is a 25 year-old software engineer from Boston. Site Index Leedberg.com Profile / Resume Software Projects Forum Computers Leedberg.com History Leedberg.com Sites Feedback 
 Close Ad MeBot Project talk to MeBot. mail me at christopherholden@hotmail.com with 'mebot' in the subject Last Script Update: Click to Join Chatterbots Chris Holden Previous 5 Sites Previous Next Next 5 Sites Random Site List Sites 
