 Project Row Houses Visitor Info Calendar of Events Get Involved About Home Public Art Artist Rounds Round 39 Round 38 Round 37 Round 36 Artist Studios PRH/Core Residency Summer Studios Artist Incubation labotanica GreenHouse Collective Arts/Education After School Program Summer Program Application Young Mother's Program Program Description Application Community PRH Partners Eldorado Ballroom Emancipation Park Village Architecture Row House CDC XS House zeRow House InHouse OutHouse Who We Are Project Row Houses is a non-profit arts organization established by African-American artists community activists in Houston's Third Ward Learn more Upcoming: Right-of-Way Acquisition Performance March 1, 2014 at 2PM Learn more Upcoming: Round 40: “Monuments: Right Beyond the Site” Opening Reception: Saturday, March 29, 2014 at 4:00PM Learn more Search our site: Stay Connected Sign up for our newsletter and connect with us on social media to stay up to date on PRH events and volunteer opportunities. Mailing List Email Address News & Events Wards in Color Closing Reception As Round 39 comes to an end, Read the rest of this entry Holiday Hours Our offices will be closed for the holidays Read the rest of this entry 3rd Ward Tutoring Every Monday at 6:30 p.m Read the rest of this entry Texas Biennial September 5-November 9, 2013 Read the rest of this entry Impressions Left Performance Location: 2505 Holman Date and Time: Saturday, March 1, 2014 at 3pm Lovie Olivia will perform a wall rubbing ritual using the image of The Keeper (picture above) that will be transferred to paper and given as a take-away on a first-come-first-collect basis to vistors. She will perform this wall rubbing ritual for one hour, allowing visitors the opportunity to ask questions about her process. Olivia’s desire is that the outcome of this performance will further inspire archiving, history keeping, documenting and storytelling in this community. Round 40: Monuments: Right Beyond the Site Viewing Hours Round Events Saturday, March 29th from 4 7PM Free and open to the public Wednesday through Sunday 12 – 5PM 2505 – 2517 Holman Project Row Houses (PRH) is pleased to announce the opening of seven new art projects in the historic shotgun houses on Holman Street in Houston’s Third Ward. Round 40: Monuments: Right Beyond the Site will be on view from March 29-June 22, 2014, and feature installations by Otabenga Jones Associates , the Houston-based artist collective consisting of Dawolu Jabari Anderson, Jamal Cyrus, Kenya Evans, and Robert A. Pruitt. The collective will take a different approach to previous Rounds at PRH and utilize all seven of the Art Houses for Round 40 through installations that happen on and off-site. The off-site installations will be in collaboration with identified Sites (mentioned below) and become permanent art works to the Third Ward landscape. Monuments: Right Beyond the Site will examine what strategies, traditionally used by African Americans, to mark, beautify, or commemorate public and private space that have been created and sustained for a number of years in Third Ward. As the neighborhood continues to change, Otabenga Jones Associates will create installations that serve as a means to communicate and celebrate the values of cooperation, entrepreneurship, self-determination, resistance, and communal responsibility. The monuments will highlight individuals, institutions, and events that have been vital to the cultural landscape and economic life of the historic Third Ward. The sites have been chosen through dialogues with various sub-communities in Third Ward, and will delineate the area in a way that is based on the values of the project stated above. The artist-designed monuments will be permanent alterations to the Third Ward landscape. It is our hope that this project will in some ways counter the erasures of history that are occurring within the neighborhood, and will continue to occur as it goes through its demographic shifts. The sites that have been identified are: the former Lanier East Hall Men’s Dormitory at Texas Southern University, the Progressive Amateur Boxing Association, the People’s Party Clinic, Unity Bank, and Blue Triangle YMCA. Sign painters, Bobby V, Israel McCloud, Walter Stanciell, and Bobby Ray, who represent an aesthetic which is traditionally seen in the Third Ward landscape for marketing small businesses, have been commissioned to create new signs that will stimulate individual economic sustainability for each one of them. One of the Art Houses will be used as an education house to conduct workshops, lectures, and gatherings throughout the run of the Round. Round 40 is part of PRH’s 20 th Anniversary celebrations that will continue throughout the year and is organized by Public Art Director Ryan N. Dennis. Round 40 Events Programs Third Ward Community Market and Talent Showcase: Saturday, March 29 th from 2pm to 7pm Artists Talk: Saturday, March 29 th from 3pm to 4pm Opening Reception: Saturday, March 29th from 4pm to 7pm In April 2014, the collective will participate in the CounterCurrent Festival which is being organized by the Cynthia Woods Mitchell Center for the Arts. View all events About Otabenga Jones Associates: Otabenga Jones Associates is a Houston-based artist collective founded in 2002 by artist and educator Otabenga Jones in collaboration with members Dawolu Jabari Anderson, Jamal Cyrus, Kenya Evans, and Robert A. Pruitt. The group’s pedagogical mission is manifested in a myriad of forms, e.g. actions, writings, DJ sets, and installations. In scope the collective’s mission is three-fold: to underscore the complications of black representation, to maintain and promote the core principles of the Black radical tradition and (in the words of the late Russell Tyrone Jones) “teach the truth to the young black youth”. Work by Otabenga Jones Associates has appeared in exhibitions at the Studio Museum of Harlem and Whitney Museum of American Art (Whitney Biennial), in New York City; the High Museum, Atlanta; and the Menil Collection and Contemporary Art Museum Houston, Houston, among others. Right-of-Way Acquisition Performance   Location: 2507 Holman Street  Date and Time: Saturday, March 1, 2014 at 2pm   For the duration of Round 39 artist Jessica Vaughn has built an archive of sound from Freeways 288 and 59 that border the 3rd Ward. This collection of real-time movement of people, automobiles, material and goods is the springboard for her culminating performance that will take place in her installation  Right-of-Way Acquisition  at Project Row Houses. An assembly line with the artists’ own rendition of the brick making process, amplified by live and prerecorded sound of the production itself.  Handmade blue bricks will be fabricated from Masa, dough made from freshly prepared hominy, and paper and then stacked in the space.  The transformation of granulated Masa into bricks for stacking and building conflates ideas of spatial movement with the politics of urban access to resources and labor. The result will be a performance of competing sounds from the expressway and sounds of the body at work.  The task of manufacturing these blocks will result in the stacking of them in front of the installation’s megaphone.   Artists Jamal Cyrus, Abijan Johnson and Autumn Knight will perform Vaughns score that loosely samples sound from Lightin’ Hopkins song “Dowling Street”. MFAH Films and Project Row Houses: A Collaborative Film Series   February 8, 9, 22, and 23, 2014 All screenings in Brown Auditorium Theater at the Museum of Fine Arts, Houston   Click Here For More Information  MFAH Films and Project Row Houses: A Collaborative Film Series | Right-of-Way Acquisition Performance Make a Donation Rent Our Event Space Host your next event at the historic Eldorado Ballroom! Photo Galleries Featured Image: Round 36, Blueprint for Heaven, Beth Secor Visitor Info 
