 The Project Jack London Square Pictures Foundry Pictures The Artist Upcoming Events You can take part Contact us In the media Press Room Multimedia More Sculptures Acknowledgments About Circles Sitemap The Project Cheemah, Mother of the Spirit-Fire is an eighteen-foot (5.5 meter) tall bronze monument dedicated to celebrating cultural diversity, world unity and care for the earth. Osprey Orielle Lake is the artist and founder of the International Cheemah Monument Project. Ms. Lake's vision is to place eight Cheemah monuments around the world to create an inspiring bridge between cultures. Three of the eight monuments have already been placed in Hamburg International Airport in Germany; Majorca, Spain and in the San Francisco Bay Area at Jack London Square. The Cheemah Monument offers people the opportunity to experience art as a way to communicate important ideas and visions about our civilization. Conveying new ideas through images is a universal language that artists have participated in throughout history. close-up of fire torch with earth medaillons . \ Hamburg International Airport The Cheemah Project has been honored to work with Mr. Valentin Burgmann of Time for Art Galleries, Germany, and with Circles Art Inc., a non-profit art resource corporation in the San Francisco Bay Area. Project supporters and volunteers are working to locate meaningful sites, and to fundraise in Asia, the Middle East, South Africa, Australia, and Central and South America. After all eight monuments have been installed there will be a bronze Earth globe placed at each site which will indicate the specific locations of the monuments in the other seven cities. pdf-document If you would like to see another international monument project by artist, Osprey Orielle Lake, please visit the Mari Monument website at: www.mariproject.org www.ospreyoriellelake.com The Project | Jack London Square | The Artist | Pictures | Foundry Pictures You can take part | Contact us | In the Media | Press Room | Multimedia More Sculptures | Acknowledgments | About Circles | Sitemap All images, stories and artwork on this website have been registered with the Office of Copyrights, Washington, D.C. Please be aware that this copyrighted material cannot be reproduced in any manner without express permission from the artist. These designs are being actively protected by members of the art and legal communities who are watchful for illegal reproductions. opyright: Osprey Orielle Lake. Contact: oolake@cheemahproject.org. Website by Selene Media 
