 ISO 9001 Quality System Certified Organization Home Company Profile Query Resources Sitemap Contact Us About us Quality Control /RD Products CoA / MSDS RFQ Events Downloads Network Product Laboratory Chemicals Laboratory Glasswares Scientific Equipments Micro Biological Media Analytical Instruments Microscope Soil Cement User Login Username Password Remember Me Alpha Lab Chem is a widely recognized name in the field of manufacturers and exporters of scientific precision quality product. Right Now, We are doing business with United Kingdom, United States Of America, Australia, Libya, Ethiopia, Iran, Egypt, Tanzania, Malaysia, Indonesia and many more. At Alpha Chemika we have learnt that there is no stop to growth and expansion in any business. We request you to take a tour of our products and see if that holds any interest for you or your company in joining hands with Alpha lab chem to achieve success and greater business recognition in the future. We are looking forward to helping you help us grow and you to be a part of that growth. For more information visit : - Laboratory Glasswares - Laboratory Plasticware - Laboratory Chemicals - Scientific Equipments - Microscope Â  It will be a great honour for us if you visit on our Stall for a personal meeting with our MD. Mr Tanmay Mahajan. Home | Company Profile | Query | Events | Sitemap | Contact Us Products | Quality Control / R | Downloads | CoA / MSDS | RFQ | Resources | Network Looking for an Anachemia brand Material Safety Data Sheet (MSDS) or Certificate of Analysis (CoA)? Click here For any other VWR / Anachemia services and product, visit the VWR website click here. Cliquer ici Pour tout autres services ou produits de VWR / Anachemia, visiter le site de VWR cliquez ici This page uses frames, but your browser doesn't support them. - Turbidity monitor surface salinity New! TB-31 Portable Turbidity Meter Features or New! RC-31P Residual Chlorine Meter Features or Also check out our Single or Simultaneous Dual Titration capability Features: AUT-701 titrator or T-70 Series Potentiometric Titrators ...or ... (Pat. #US 6,173,600B1,Jan 2001) for R-series meters Portable P-30 Series Water Quality Meters Features or New! The North American Distributor for DKK-TOA Corporation, email: info@analyticon.com ç¹ é« English CO2 Meter | CO Meter | Anemometer | pH Meter | IR Thermometer Home Register Login Sitemap Advanced Search Company Products CO Meter Gas Leak Detector CO2 Meter Wallmount Handheld Desktop Tachometer Manometer Water Quality Meter Handheld Pen Type Benchtop Hygrometer Pocket Type Pen Type Handheld Desktop Heat Index Meter Pen Type Handheld Desktop Thermometer Datalogger Temp. Temp. RH% Thermocouple Printer PC Interface Infrared Thermometer Handheld Gun Type Stick Type Anemometer Handheld Pocket type Sound Level Meter Multiple Function Datalogger Datalogging Printer Transmitter Service Custom made package OEM/ODM Service Quality Assurance Press Trade show Promotion FAQ Computer Connection Humidity Calibration Kit CO Meter Gas Leak Detector CO2 Meter Tachometer Manometer Water Quality Meter Hygrometer Heat Index Meter Thermometer Datalogger Infrared Thermometer Anemometer Sound Level Meter Multiple Function Datalogger Datalogging Printer Transmitter Download Software MSDS Contact us Contact Information CO Meter Gas Leak Detector CO2 Meter Wallmount Handheld Desktop Tachometer Manometer Water Quality Meter Handheld Pen Type Benchtop Hygrometer Pocket Type Pen Type Handheld Desktop Heat Index Meter Pen Type Handheld Desktop Thermometer Datalogger Temp. Temp. RH% Thermocouple Printer PC Interface Infrared Thermometer Handheld Gun Type Stick Type Anemometer Handheld Pocket type Sound Level Meter Multiple Function Datalogger Datalogging Printer Transmitter 7798 CO2 datalogger ADVANCED CO2 LOGGER, YOUR BEST IAQ WATCHER UP TO 5333 POINTS MEMORY FOR EACH PARAMETER 15 DEGREE TILT ANGLE FOR EASY TO SEE AND READ ONE KEY TOUCH TO ACTIVATE THE LOGGING MODE REAL TIME CLOCK AND CALENDAR ARE DISPLAYED W... 82012 Economic Digital Manometer *Portable digital gauge/differential pressure meter *99 points manual memories with review function *Hold function,Maximum / minimum,Low battery indicator *Display pressure change from baseline *Over-range indication wit... 88598 4 channel K thermometer SD logger *Super big LCD portable/wallmount SD card logger *4 channel k type thermocouple to use at once *Unlimited manual memories and Unlimited autologging memories in SD card *Hold function,Max/Min,offset,Low battery indicator ... 8802 IP67 HACCP K Thermometer *2 times data updating in 1 second time interval *Complete set IP67 waterproof and washable in washing machine *Follow HACCP principle to check food safety *Green/Red dual color backlight to indicate temp. hazards *Count... 8603 Handheld IP67 Combo PH/COND./D.O *Large LCD with multiple parameters display simultaneously: *PH, Conductivity or Salinity, Dissolved oxygen Temperature *Handheld fashion housing with IP67 waterproof design *Auto temperature compensation *Auto ran... Name: Password: Not a member yet? Sign up now A success opportunity is now open! Explore new AZ products in INDO LIVESTOCK 2013 EXP... Home | CO2 Meter | CO Meter | Anemometer | pH Meter | IR Thermometer | Company | Products | Service | Press | FAQ | Download | Contact us | Sitemap AZ Instrument Corp. , CO2 Meter , Valves Manufacturer , Tube Fitting Manufacturer , Textile Testing , NdFeB Magnet , EI SILICON STEEL LAMINATIONS , Actived Carbon Filter , Copyright 2000-2014 AZ Instrument Corp. Website Design by: Netank Java scripting is turned off. This site requires Javascript enabled. Home | Products Tech Service | About Us See all Barnstead Lab Water Systems Full Product Index Quick View High Quality Scientific Grade Liquid Filtration and Water Purification Products Quick View Laboratory Water Systems Laboratory Water Filters Laboratory Water Distillers Barnstead Lab Water Systems Hose Barb Filters See All Lab Water Products Filters For Millipore Systems Filters For Barnstead Systems Barnstead Lab Water Systems MicroPure Lab Water Systems Polaris High Flow Water Systems Bottled Lab Water Lab Water Specifications About Lab Water Applications Barnstead Water Manuals Glossary Of Pure Water Terms Basic Lab Water Contaminants Medicine and Research Water See All Articles Quick View Water Filters Reverse Osmosis Systems Water Softeners Water Distillers Ultraviolet Sterilizers Activated Carbon Systems Iron Removal Filters Mineral Tanks & Accessories Specialty Filters See All Residential Products Whole House Carbon Filters Complete Distiller Packages 5600 Water Softeners Softener Resin Beads Bladder Tanks Chemical Injection Pumps Iron and Egg Smell Filters Spot Free Wash Water Aquarium and Reef Water Alkaline Water Is A Hoax Tricks of the Water Salesman Select Best Softener Change Softener Resin Softener Selection Calculator Softener Capacity Calculator Media Cylinder Calculator About Pressure Bladder Tanks R.O. Membrane Calculator News Stories About Water Water Glossary See All Articles Quick View Water Filters Reverse Osmosis Systems Water Softeners Water Distillers Ultraviolet Sterilizers Activated Carbon Systems Mineral Tanks & Accessories Specialty Filters See All Commercial Products De-Chlorinators Complete Distiller Packages 2510 Water Softeners Filtration Media Pressure Tanks Chemical Injection Pumps Restaurant/Coffee House Filters Spot Free Wash Water Engineered Water Systems Change Softener Resin Media Cylinder Calculator Softener Capacity Calculator Select Best Softener All About Pressure Tanks Percent Rejection Calculator Primer: Water Use In Industry Water Filtration Technologies See All Articles Quick View Extraction Thimbles Syringe Filters Glass Microfiber Filters Cellulose Filter Paper See All Lab Filters Grade 934AH (R) Filters Popular Thimbles Teflon Syringe Filters Capsule Filters About Extraction Thimbles Microfiber Filter Grades Lab Membrane Properties See All Articles Quick View Home Water Testing Bacteria Testing Water Monitoring Instruments Quality Indicator Lights Water Test Strips See All Water Testing Chemical Test Kits Hard Water Testing Bacteria Test Kit Home R.O. Quality Meter Resilite Test Lights Conductivity Meter Pen Common Water Impurities Common Measurements Water Facts About Lead in Water Properties Of Water See All Articles Quick View Water Softener Resin Beads Activated Carbon Media Iron Removal Media Manganese Greensand pH Adjustment Media Mineral Tanks & Accessories See All Filter Media Standard Softener Resin Best Carbon Media Mixed Bed Deionizer Resin KDF Media Anion Demionizer Resin Media Cylinder Calculator Calcite for pH adjustment About Manganese Greesand About Birm Media About Corosex Media About KDF Media About Activated Carbon See All Articles Quick View Water Softener Cleaner Hydrogen Pyroxide Soda Ask Potasium Permaganate Water Staining Cleaner See All Chemicals Res-UP/Res-Care Cleaner Res-UP/Res-Care Feeder Pro-Pot-Perm Pro Liquid Rust-Out Engineered Water Systems Sodium v Potasium Softeners Chemilizer Injection Pumps Smells From Water Heaters See All Articles . 0 Rated "A" with the BBB 23 years, Zero Complaints For Huge Savings Click Here Independent Reps Welcome New Feature Lab Water Filter Database Millipore Filter Quick List Barnstead Filter Quick List Google Apps Terms and conditions Ask Amy Answers Express Order My Profile Username: Register Password: Login 0 items / 0.00 Products RD Production Quality Control Life Science Food Beverage Testing Healthcare/Clinical Safety Cleaning Controlled Environment Chromatography Microbiology Environment Education/Schools VWR Collection Furniture Services Global Clinical Trials Services e-Commerce / Mobility Labtools Technical Services e-Newsletter sign up Custom made Chemicals Promotions For All Laboratories RD Production Quality Control Life Science Food Beverage Healthcare/Clinical Safety Cleaning Controlled Environment Furniture Chromatography Microbiology Environment Education/Schools VWR Collection Literature Events Contact Contact Details Feedback Map Complaints Your Local VWR Contact About VWR VWR as a Global Company VWR as a Local Company VWR Essentials Sustainability Careers @ VWR Investor Relations Press Releases Fraud Warnings Privacy Terms Conditions Freight cost My Profile Login Printed from Labshop User: Advanced MSDS Certificates of Analysis VWR International About VWR VWR International, LLC, is a global laboratory supply and distribution company... Compliance VWR International is certified according to ISO 9001, ISO 14001 and OHSAS 18001 and/or working towards certificationâ¦ Sustainability VWR International recognises our customers' commitment to their sustainability goals and supports these initiatives... Careers @ VWR We take pride in offering a benefits package that is flexible, affordable and valuable to the people that make it happen - our associates RD Production Quality Control Life Science Food Beverage Testing Healthcare/Clinical Safety Cleaning Controlled Environment Chromatography Microbiology Environment Education/Schools VWR Collection Furniture Research Development Production Quality Control Life Science Food Beverage Testing Healthcare/Clinical VWR Safety Cleaning All you need for Controlled Environment VWR Chromatography Microbiology VWR Environment Education/Schools In our selection for Education/Schools you will find material for teaching Chemistry,Physics and Biology. VWR Collection From competitively priced supplies to basic equipment and advanced apparatus that meets your unique requirements, the VWR Collection is one of the many choices available to you. Furniture VWR is providing his own product range Labconcept, ... and is also distibuting most important trade mark like Kottermann in Europe. Promotions Lauda - Microcool circulation chillers Kimtech Science - A7 P+ lab coats Cederroth - First aid station Velp - AREX Digital heated magnetic stirrer SCA Hygiene - Tork Premium facial tissues MORE Services Global Clinical Trials Services e-Commerce / Mobility Technical Services MORE Â» VWR Essentials VWR2Go e-Newsletter sign up Celebrate Sustainability IgGy - Antibody Selector VWR Laboratory-Online-Planning MORE Â» Privacy Terms & Conditions 2014 VWR International PRESS RELEASE: Specimen collection and transport for viruses such as swine flu Our product sales program purchases products from the market leaders in laboratory product manufacturing and distribution and delivers these products to ABSP customers. Click here for Medical Wire & Equipment Products Contact us for details Home | | Product List | Supplier List | Contact Us Copyright © 2004 Advantage Bundling SP Telephone: +61 8 8234 7955 Email: info@adelab.com.au Adelab Scientific Skip to content Home About Products Products by Manufacturer Brochures News Contact Learn more about the manufacturers we represent. We Import Directly from Biosearch Technologies Cellogel Electrophoresis Control Company Eldex Laboratories Inc GlassChem GSG Analytical Ismatec Isolation Technologies Matreya Metertech, Inc Microelectrodes New Era Pump Systems NTC Nu-Chek Prep PBI International Quest Scientific Rheodyne SRI Instruments Systec Thomson Instruments Upchurch Scientific Valco Yakult Pharmaceutical Welcome to the web site of Adelab Scientific. We Represent these Suppliers Australian Special Products Axygen Biosciences Bio-Cabinets Biocom Bioflow Water Components Bioline Global Biosan Dino-Lite Drummond Scientific Edwards Instrument Co. Eutech Instruments Filtech Fisher Biotec Grace Davison Hamilton Hirschmann IKA Laboratory Equipment Javac Kyowa Kyratec Labcon Labec Labogene (Scanspeed, Scanvac) Labomed Microscopes Maggylamps Masterflex Mettler Toledo Miele Professional Millipore Bioscience Millipore Process Millipore Water Misonix MPW Med. Instruments Nalgene National Scientific Ohaus Olympus Optimize Technologies Rainin Ratek Instruments Redbank Instruments RephiLe Bioscience Schott Scientific Equipment Manufacturers SciTech Select BioProducts Sensorex pH Probes SGE Analytical Science Siltex Soniclean StoremastaÂ® Sunbrokers SyringePumpPro Systec Taylor-Wharton Thermoline Scientific TPS Ultra Scientific Unisonics Vilber Vydac Welch Pumps Wheaton Scientific Products Search: Newsletter Subscription Subscribe for our e-newsletter with our latest offers. Special Offers MIELE announcement RAININ Introductory Offer on new Electronic Multichannel Pipettes MILLIPORE Filter Sale uploaded Aug. 13 Slow Moving Stock Clearance Sale uploaded Nov. 13 Navigation Home About Products Products by Manufacturer Brochures News Contact Latest News MIELE announcement RAININ Introductory Offer on new Electronic Multichannel Pipettes MILLIPORE Filter Sale uploaded Aug. 13 Slow Moving Stock Clearance Sale uploaded Nov. 13 Created by Fuzzign . Conductivity Meters Conductivity Cells Calibration Solutions Company Info To enter website Site Map High Purity Water Temperature please click here . Download Manuals MSDS Registered Trademark 1998-2013 Amber Science, Inc.Eugene, Oregon Please select the link below for: www.lab3.co.uk that are so reliable, they're backed by a Then click here to find out more..... they're backed by a Click here to find out more..... Valid until30 2010 Specials " page. EVERY dollar raisedin donations and sponsorship will directly go to benefit Special Needs Children. ! Follow the progress our endeavours by visiting our Bash Car website at www.car2214.com and be a part of our Bash Adventure and Welcome to Alpha Multiservices, Inc At Alpha Multiservices, Inc., you will find highest-quality U.S. driven products that are designed and developed to functionally meet your ever changing needs. Our portfolio consists of the best equipment that has earned its reputation as being professional tools for the professional world - ensuring you nothing less than outstanding quality products. We invite you to browse our comprehensive product catalog featuring the following leading brands: Barnstead | BriskHeat | Electrothermal | Ertco | Harvey | Heraeus | Lab-Line | LabStrong | Labindustries | Lindberg/Blue M | Linear | Ohaus | Owl | PMC | Precision | Revco | Stem | Thermo Scientific | Thermolyne | Turner Thank You - we sincerely value and appreciate your business! All trademarks are not owned by Alpha Multiservices, Inc, they are property of their respective owners. Prices and availability of products listed are subject to change or may be discontinued without notice. Product descriptions, pictures and availability are provided with intent of accuracy; however, Alpha Multiservices, Inc. is not liable for errors, omissions or misrepresentations. If you are experiencing technical difficulties, please contact the site producer (webmaster). Home | Sitemap About Us Products Applications News and Announcements Partners Contact us Products Material Characterization Material Processing Consumable/ Supporting Equipment Laser Systems Analytical-Online: In the Spolight Quantel Q-Smart Q-smart laser offers additional user-friendly features: Intuitive touch screen interface Innovative, hands-off harmonic generator phase matching Light, compact, and disconnectable 100 million shot flashlamp lifetime 2-year warranty Horiba MicOS MicOS, the latest in microspectrometers is a fully integrated, versatile and cost effective microspectrometer that combines a microscope head directly coupled to a high-performance, triple gratings, imaging spectrometer that can accommodate up to 3 different detectors News and Announcements TFASC Event Report Analytical Technologies will be exhibiting in The Fourth Asian Spectroscopy Conference. Venue:Nanyang Technological University Singapore Date:15-18 December 2013 The 2nd Regional Symposium on bio-sensors, Bio-diagnostics and Bio-chip [ASEAN Plus 2013] Pondpol Analytical will be attending this eventtogether with Horiba Scientific. Venue: Mea Fah Luang University of Technology, Chiang- Rai, Thailand Date: 11-13 December 2013 (read more) Malaysia : Thailand : Singapore www. -online.com 2007 Privacy Policy Terms Of Use Skip to Main Content Area Abdullah Haider General Trading LLC (Formerly Abdulla Haider Building Materials LLC) User login E-mail: * Password: * Request new password Home About Us Distributors/Retailers Our Team Contact Photographs of Seminar on 'Cold Chain 22 Oct 2013' at Dubai Le Meridien Cold Chain Management New winter 2013 catalog Fall 2012 Catalog Summer 2012 Catalog Temperature Mapping and Vehicle Validation Expo2020....we support Dubai Products Basic scales Chemical Analysis Coating Thickness Hygiene Laboratory Balances Material Thickness Length Measurement Pressure Measurement Temperature Measurement Temperature and Humidity Abdullah Haider Trading Establishment (AHT) The Middle Eastâs leading Distributors in Scientific and Technical Instruments One of the Middle Eastâs foremost distributors of scientific and technical instruments, Abdullah Haider Trading Establishment (AHT) has become a global name in delivering quality solutions to customers, at highly competitive prices. Read more A time to map your drug store.... Its baking hot, day and night Amanda Fisher ( amanda@khaleejtimes.com ) / 10 July 2013 Read more New Products Compact Temperature Data Logger SK550 3 (76mm) Temperature Chart Recorder SC 397 Temperature Report Logger RL101 Pressure Data Logger PR 125 Vaccine Alarm Thermometer MM120 6 (152mm) Temperature Chart Recorder KT625 Waterproof Temperature Data Logger HT 225 Touchscreen FH 625 Ethernet Temperature Humidity Data Logger 10-Day Disposable Recorder Infrared Thermometer D 186 Temperature Data Logger SP425 Video Presentation DicksonOne Explainer Video Basic Setup - Dickson VFC 320/325 Temperature Data Logger Dickson R022 Pressure Snubber Kit Dickson - Ethernet Installation and Usage Primary links Home About Us Distributors/Retailers Our Team Contact Log In Basket Summary Items: Value: View Cart Checkout Home FAQ's New Lab? New Products News Special Offers Brands Literature Reviews IRLE IRLA Contact Us Terms & Conds Appleton Woods Limited is a leading independent company, supplying a comprehensive range of quality laboratory equipment and consumables to life science laboratories Established in 1967, Appleton Woods has over 40 years experience in supplying quality laboratory equipment and consumables to laboratories in Universities, Research Institutes, Hospitals and Pharmaceutical and Biotechnology companies. Our warehouse and offices, located in Birmingham, offer a central location allowing deliveries using our own vans to most delivery points within in the UK. Appleton Woods has a growing number of high quality 'Appleton' branded products as well as having distribution partnerships with leading manufacturers such as Corning, Sterilin and Kimberly Clark, with over 60 manufacturers listed and stocked in total. Our comprehensive product range can fulfil all your laboratory supply requirements: Autoclaves & Accessories Balances & Accessories Centrifuges Cryogenic Storage Dry Baths Filtration Fridges & Freezers Gel Electrophoresis Gel Imaging Glass & Plasticware Glasswashers Gloves & Handcare Heating Mantles Hygrometers & Photometers Incubators Magnetic Separation Beads Melting Point Apparatus Microbiological Media Microplate Equipment Microplates Microscopes Molecular Biology Reagents Ovens PCR Products Petri Dishes & Accessories pH & Conductivity Meters Pipettes & Liquid Handling Pumps Racks Rotary Evaporators Safety & Cleaning Safety Cabinets Shakers Spectrophotometers Stirrers & Hotplates Swabs Thermomixers Tissue Culture Tubes & Sample Containers Tubing Water Baths Water Purification General Lab Products In addition, Appleton Woods can source most recognised industry laboratory supplies, including both laboratory equipment and consumables, beyond the extensive catalogue listings. Our friendly and experienced sales team are always on hand to offer advice and to help you find any laboratory goods you require. Home FAQ's New Lab? New Products News Special Offers Brands Literature Reviews IRLE IRLA Contact Us Terms & Conds Home News Our Companies Become a Dealer About Us Contact Us Catalogs Product Categories NURSING Products (ANM / GNM) Surveying & Civil Engineering BOROSILICATE Glassware Bio-Technology & Medical Test Equipments Pharmacy Equipments Physics Lab Equipment Educational Charts Biology Lab Equipment POLYLAB Plasticware Microscopes Mechanical Engineering Lab Anatomical Models Chemistry Lab Equipment Prepared Slides Laboratory Instruments SODA GLASSWARE Electronics Apparatus Spectrophotometer Featured Products Our Certifications Featuring over 413 products in more than 20 categories. Visit us at: ARAB LAB 2013 We are Exibiting at ARABLAB 2013. Dated 10-13th March, 2013 Venue: Dubai World Trade Centre.We look forward to meet new/exisiting customers form a business realtion with new companies. Visit us at: GLOBAL LAB EXPO 2012 We areExibiting atGLOBAL LAB EXPO 2012. Dated 1,2 3rd Dec, 2012 Venue: Farooka Khalsa Sr. Sec. School, Ambala Cantt.We look forward to meet new customers form a business realtion with new companies. Visit us at: ARAB LAB 2013 Visit us at: GLOBAL LAB EXPO 2012 PARAFILM Rock & Mineral Set PASTEUR PIPETTE Micro Centrifuge Tube MCT Home Contact Us About Us Company Profile Privacy Notice Terms & Conditions View Cart Register Account Settings Login Wishlist Order Status Wishlist Search Keyword Search Advanced Search Agar & Related Products Balances & Scales Bottles & Jars Burets / Eudiometers Distillation Glass Filtration Glassware Heating Equipment Hydrometers Hygrometers / Psychrometers Lab Hardware Lab Tools Microscope Slides / Boxes Mineral & Rock Collections Miscellaneous Molecular Models pH Testing Porcelainware Refractometers Stir Bars & Stirrers Stoppers Surgical Instuments Testing & Measurement Thermometers Timers, Stopwatches & Compasses General Information Contact Information Site Map Ordering / Payment Information Stopper Specifications How To Use A Hydrometer Alcohol Hydrometer Corrections How Hot is a Bunsen Burner Flame? Current Weather Conditions Home Check Out These Great Deals on Lab Supplies! Retort 500 mL 8 mm Flint Glass Beads / Column Packing 1 lb Hanna Heavy Duty Magnetic Stirrer EMF Meter / Electromagnetic Field Tester Four Finger Anodized Extension Clamp 4 x 4" Talboys Advanced Ceramic Hotplate Stirrer Welcome Thanks for stopping by Avogadros Lab Supply. For years we have offered quality service and products and we are happy to extend that same service to you. At Avogadros Lab Supply you can find all varieties of equipment for use in the science lab, the classroom, or at the college and university level. With so many great products, its hard to list them all, but here is a list of just a few of the lab supplies and science equipment we carry, including: Science lab equipment,school lab supplies , balances, digital scales, hydrometers, brewery supplies,thermometers, porcelainware, stoppers, meters and science project materials. To the left you may browse the various supplies we carry. We are particularly proud of the excellent selection of scales and balances we have. Please take a moment to browse our balances and scales page to see if there is anything that fits your needs. Thanks again for stopping by. We look forward to meeting your lab supply needs! Account Login Email Password Register Forgot Password? Payment Processing All products are intended for use in labs, and classroom settings under the supervision of qualified professionals. The products are not toys and are not intended for children under the age of 13. 2013 - Avogadro's Lab Supply, Inc. NOFRAMES Home Products Blood Banking Food Beverage Water Wastewater Benchtop Coolers / Heaters Desiccators Dry Bath Incubators General Lab Products Histology Products Hybridization Incubators Ovens Rockers / Rotators / Shakers Water Baths Autoclaves About About Boekel OEM/Custom Manufacturing Support Warranty Warranty Registration Returns Manuals News & Events Press Releases Trade Shows Distributors North America Central America South America Europe Africa Asia Australia Contact General Info Who is Who NSAI Certified | ISO 9001:2008 Certified | ISO 13485:2003 Certified Find Out More Find Out More Featured Product Tight Temperature Tolerance Incubator Boekel announces the NEW Tight Temperature Tolerance Incubator. Read More Press Releases Boekel's NEW UV Crosslinker AH Enables operators to use different internal heights to enhance the crosslinking effect Read More Press Releases Boekel's New Paddle Blender Boekel Scientific introduces the new Triplemix Paddle Blender for food safety testing Read More Quality Laboratory Products Since 1868! Boekel Scientific manufactures life science and general lab products, including hybridization equipment, benchtop coolers and freezers, platform mixers, microplate equipment, incubators, dry bath incubators, clinical products, water baths, aspirator pumps, ovens, desiccators, pipet handling equipment, and labware. Boekel Scientific, 855 Pennsylvania Blvd, Feasterville, PA. 19053 Tel: (215) 396-8200 Toll Free: (800) 336-6929 boekel-info@boekelsci.com 
